* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 11.2

This document describes the security content of iOS 11.2.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss or
confirm security issues until an investigation has taken place and
patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201222[Apple security
updates] page.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201220[Apple Product
Security] page. You can encrypt communications with Apple using
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201601[Apple Product Security PGP
Key].

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 11.2

[.note]#Released 2 December 2017#

*App Store*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
spoof password prompts in App Store

Description: An input validation issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2017-7164: Jerry Decime

[.note]#Entry added 11 January 2018#

*Auto Unlock*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to gain elevated privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed with additional validation.

CVE-2017-13905: Samuel Groß (@5aelo)

[.note]#Entry added 18 October 2018#

*Calculator*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker with a privileged network position may be able to
alter currency conversion rates

Description: Exchange rates were retrieved from HTTP rather than HTTPS.
This was addressed by enabling HTTPS for exchange rates.

CVE-2017-2411: Richard Shupak (linkedin.com/in/rshupak), Seth Vargo
(@sethvargo) of Google and an anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry added 2 May 2018, updated 14 June 2018#

*CFNetwork Session*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-7172: Richard Zhu (fluorescence) working with Trend Micro's
Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added 22 January 2018#

*CoreAnimation*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with
elevated privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-7171: 360 Security working with Trend Micro's Zero Day
Initiative, and Tencent Keen Security Lab (@keen_lab) working with Trend
Micro's Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added 22 January 2018#

*CoreFoundation*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to gain elevated privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed with additional validation.

CVE-2017-7151: Samuel Groß (@5aelo)

[.note]#Entry added 18 October 2018#

*IOKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved state management.

CVE-2017-13847: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry updated 10 January 2018#

*IOKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-7162: Tencent Keen Security Lab (@keen_lab) working with Trend
Micro's Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added 21 December 2017, updated 10 January 2018#

*IOMobileFrameBuffer*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-13879: Apple

[.note]#Entry updated 24 October 2018#

*IOSurface*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-13861: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-13904: Kevin Backhouse of Semmle Ltd.

[.note]#Entry added 14 February 2018#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to read kernel memory (Meltdown)

Description: Systems with microprocessors utilising speculative
execution and indirect branch prediction may allow unauthorised
disclosure of information to an attacker with local user access via a
side-channel analysis of the data cache.

CVE-2017-5754: Jann Horn of Google Project Zero; Moritz Lipp of Graz
University of Technology; Michael Schwarz of Graz University of
Technology; Daniel Gruss of Graz University of Technology; Thomas
Prescher of Cyberus Technology GmbH; Werner Haas of Cyberus Technology
GmbH; Stefan Mangard of Graz University of Technology; Paul Kocher;
Daniel Genkin of University of Pennsylvania and University of Maryland;
Yuval Yarom of University of Adelaide and Data61; and Mike Hamburg of
Rambus (Cryptography Research Division)

[.note]#Entry added 4 January 2018, updated 10 January 2018#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-13862: Apple

CVE-2017-13867: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-13876: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry updated 21 December 2017#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2017-7173: Brandon Azad

[.note]#Entry updated 1 August 2018#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: A type confusion issue was addressed with improved memory
handling.

CVE-2017-13855: Jann Horn of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: Multiple validation issues were addressed with improved
input sanitisation.

CVE-2017-13865: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-13868: Brandon Azad

CVE-2017-13869: Jann Horn of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to cause unexpected system termination
or read kernel memory

Description: An input validation issue existed in the kernel. This issue
was addressed through improved input validation.

CVE-2017-7154: Jann Horn of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added 21 December 2017#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privilege

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-13880: Apple

[.note]#Entry added 18 October 2018#

*Mail*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Incorrect certificate is used for encryption

Description: A S/MIME issue existed in the handling of encrypted email.
This issue was addressed through improved selection of the encryption
certificate.

CVE-2017-13874: Nicolas Devillard

[.note]#Entry updated 9 April 2018#

*Mail Drafts*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker with a privileged network position may be able to
intercept mail

Description: An encryption issue existed with S/MIME credentials. The
issue was addressed with additional checks and user control.

CVE-2017-13860: Michael Weishaar of INNEO Solutions GmbH

*Mail Message Framework*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Visiting a malicious website may lead to address bar spoofing

Description: An inconsistent user interface issue was addressed with
improved state management.

CVE-2017-7152: Oliver Paukstadt of Thinking Objects GmbH (to.com)

[.note]#Entry added 21 December 2017#

*ReplayKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A user may not have control over their screen broadcast

Description: A type confusion issue was addressed with improved memory
handling.

CVE-2017-13888: Dan Niemeyer of Microsoft, Peter Pau (ArcanaArt.com)

[.note]#Entry added 21 June 2018, updated 8 September 2020#

*SafariViewController*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Visiting a malicious website may lead to address bar spoofing

Description: An inconsistent user interface issue was addressed through
improved state management.

CVE-2017-13891: Janne Raiskila (@raiskila)

[.note]#Entry added 21 June 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved memory handling.

CVE-2017-13885: 360 Security working with Trend Micro's Zero Day
Initiative

[.note]#Entry added 22 January 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2017-7165: 360 Security working with Trend Micro's Zero Day
Initiative

[.note]#Entry added 22 January 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved memory handling.

CVE-2017-13884: 360 Security working with Trend Micro's Zero Day
Initiative

[.note]#Entry added 22 January 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Visiting a malicious website may lead to user interface spoofing

Description: Redirect responses to 401 Unauthorised may allow a
malicious website to incorrectly display the lock icon on mixed content.
This issue was addressed through improved URL display logic.

CVE-2017-7153: Jerry Decime

[.note]#Entry added 11 January 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved memory handling.

CVE-2017-7156: Yuan Deng of Ant-financial Light-Year Security Lab

CVE-2017-7157: an anonymous researcher

CVE-2017-13856: Jeonghoon Shin

CVE-2017-13870: Tencent Keen Security Lab (@keen_lab) working with Trend
Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-7160: Richard Zhu (fluorescence) working with Trend Micro's
Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-13866: Tencent Keen Security Lab (@keen_lab) working with Trend
Micro's Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added 13 December 2017, updated 4 May 2018#

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus,
iPhone SE, iPhone 5s, 12.9-inch iPad Pro 1st generation, iPad Air 2,
iPad Air, iPad 5th generation, iPad mini 4, iPad mini 3, iPad mini 2 and
iPod touch 6th generation +
[.note]#Released for iPhone 7 and later and iPad Pro 9.7-inch (early
2016) and later in https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT208222[iOS 11.1].#

Impact: An attacker in Wi-Fi range may force nonce re-use in WPA
multicast/GTK clients (Key Reinstallation Attacks - KRACK)

Description: A logic issue existed in the handling of state transitions.
This was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2017-13080: Mathy Vanhoef of the imec-DistriNet group at KU Leuven

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== Additional recognition

*WebKit*

We would like to acknowledge Yiğit Can YILMAZ (@yilmazcanyigit) and
researcher Abhinash Jain (@abhinashjain) for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 14 February 2018, updated 9 April 2018#

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT2693[Contact
the vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: September 10, 2020

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 11.2

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT208334/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
