* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 10

This document describes the security content of iOS 10.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or
confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches
or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222[Apple security updates] page.

For more information about security, see
the https://www.apple.com/support/security/[Apple Product
Security] page. You can encrypt communications with Apple using
the https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201601[Apple Product Security PGP
Key].

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 10

[.note]#Released September 13, 2016#

*AppleMobileFileIntegrity*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A local application may be able to execute arbitrary code with
system privileges

Description: A validation issue existed in the task port inheritance
policy. This issue was addressed through improved validation of the
process entitlement and Team ID.

CVE-2016-4698: Pedro Vilaça

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*Assets*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
block a device from receiving software updates

Description: An issue existed in iOS updates, which did not properly
secure user communications. This issue was addressed by using HTTPS for
software updates.

CVE-2016-4741: Raul Siles of DinoSec

*Audio*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to execute arbitrary code

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-4702: YoungJin Yoon, MinSik Shin, HoJae Han, Sunghyun Park, and
Taekyoung Kwon of Information Security Lab, Yonsei University

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*Certificate Trust Policy*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Update to the certificate trust policy

Description: The certificate trust policy was updated. The complete list
of certificates may be viewed at https://support.apple.com/kb/HT204132.

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*CFNetwork*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A local user may be able to discover websites a user has visited

Description: An issue existed in Local Storage deletion. This issue was
addressed through improved Local Storage cleanup.

CVE-2016-4707: an anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*CFNetwork*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may compromise user
information

Description: An input validation issue existed in the parsing of the
set-cookie header. This issue was addressed through improved validation
checking.

CVE-2016-4708: Dawid Czagan of Silesia Security Lab

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*CommonCrypto*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An application using CCrypt may disclose sensitive plaintext if
the output and input buffer are the same

Description: An input validation issue existed in corecrypto. This issue
was addressed through improved input validation.

CVE-2016-4711: Max Lohrmann

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*CoreCrypto*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code

Description: An out-of-bounds write issue was addressed by removing the
vulnerable code.

CVE-2016-4712: Gergo Koteles

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted font may result in the
disclosure of process memory

Description: A buffer overflow existed in the handling of font files.

This issue was addressed through improved bounds checking.

CVE-2016-4718: Apple

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*GeoServices*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An application may be able to read sensitive location
information

Description: A permissions issue existed in PlaceData. This issue was
addressed through improved permission validation.

CVE-2016-4719: Razvan Deaconescu, Mihai Chiroiu (University POLITEHNICA
of Bucharest); Luke Deshotels, William Enck (North Carolina State
University); Lucas Vincenzo Davi, Ahmad-Reza Sadeghi (TU Darmstadt)

*IDS - Connectivity*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
cause a denial of service

Description: A spoofing issue existed in the handling of Call Relay.
This issue was addressed through improved input validation.

CVE-2016-4722: Martin Vigo (@martin_vigo) of salesforce.com

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*IOAcceleratorFamily*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A null pointer dereference was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2016-4724: Cererdlong, Eakerqiu of Team OverSky

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*IOAcceleratorFamily*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may result in the
disclosure of process memory

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2016-4725: Rodger Combs of Plex, Inc.

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*IOAcceleratorFamily*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-4726: an anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A local application may be able to access restricted files

Description: A parsing issue in the handling of directory paths was
addressed through improved path validation.

CVE-2016-4771: Balazs Bucsay, Research Director of MRG Effitas

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: A lock handling issue was addressed through improved lock
handling.

CVE-2016-4772: Marc Heuse of mh-sec

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An application may be able to determine kernel memory layout

Description: Multiple out-of-bounds read issues existed that led to the
disclosure of kernel memory. These were addressed through improved input
validation.

CVE-2016-4773: Brandon Azad

CVE-2016-4774: Brandon Azad

CVE-2016-4776: Brandon Azad

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: An untrusted pointer dereference was addressed by removing
the affected code.

CVE-2016-4777: Lufeng Li of Qihoo 360 Vulcan Team

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-4778: CESG

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*Keyboards*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Keyboard auto correct suggestions may reveal sensitive
information

Description: The iOS keyboard was inadvertently caching sensitive
information. This issue was addressed through improved heuristics.

CVE-2016-4746: Antoine M of France

*libxml2*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Multiple issues in libxml2, the most significant of which may
lead to unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-4658: Nick Wellnhofer

CVE-2016-5131: Nick Wellnhofer

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*libxslt*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-4738: Nick Wellnhofer

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*Mail*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An attacker with a privileged network position may be able to
intercept mail credentials

Description: An issue existed when handling untrusted certificates. This
was addressed by terminating untrusted connections.

CVE-2016-4747: Dave Aitel

*Messages*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Messages may be visible on a device that has not signed in to
Messages

Description: An issue existed when using Handoff for Messages. This
issue was resolved via better state management.

CVE-2016-4740: Step Wallace

*Printing UIKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An unencrypted document may be written to a temporary file when
using AirPrint preview

Description: An issue existed in AirPrint preview. This was addressed
through improved environment sanitization.

CVE-2016-4749: Scott Alexander (@gooshy)

[.note]#Entry updated September 12, 2018#

*S2 Camera*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-4750: Jack Tang (@jacktang310) and Moony Li of Trend Micro
working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*Safari Reader*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Enabling the Safari Reader feature on a maliciously crafted
webpage may lead to universal cross site scripting

Description: Multiple validation issues were addressed through improved
input sanitization.

CVE-2016-4618: Erling Ellingsen

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016 and updated September 23, 2016.#

*Sandbox Profiles*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A malicious application may be able to determine whom a user is
texting

Description: An access control issue existed in SMS draft directories.
This issue was addressed by preventing apps from stat'ing the affected
directories.

CVE-2016-4620: Razvan Deaconescu, Mihai Chiroiu (University POLITEHNICA
of Bucharest); Luke Deshotels, William Enck (North Carolina State
University); Lucas Vincenzo Davi, Ahmad-Reza Sadeghi (TU Darmstadt)

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with system privileges

Description: A validation issue existed in signed disk images. This
issue was addressed through improved size validation.

CVE-2016-4753: Mark Mentovai of Google Inc.

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*Springboard*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Sensitive data may be exposed in application snapshots presented
in the Task Switcher

Description: An issue existed in Springboard which displayed cached
snapshots containing sensitive data in the Task Switcher. This issue was
addressed by displaying updated snapshots.

CVE-2016-7759: Fatma Yılmaz of Ptt Genel Müdürlüğü from Ankara

[.note]#Entry added January 17, 2017#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A parsing issue existed in the handling of error
prototypes. This was addressed through improved validation.

CVE-2016-4728: Daniel Divricean

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Visiting a maliciously crafted website may leak sensitive data

Description: A permissions issue existed in the handling of the location
variable. This was addressed though additional ownership checks.

CVE-2016-4758: Masato Kinugawa of Cure53

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-4611: Apple

CVE-2016-4729: Apple

CVE-2016-4730: Apple

CVE-2016-4731: Apple

CVE-2016-4734: Natalie Silvanovich of Google Project Zero

CVE-2016-4735: André Bargull

CVE-2016-4737: Apple

CVE-2016-4759: Tongbo Luo of Palo Alto Networks

CVE-2016-4762: Zheng Huang of Baidu Security Lab

CVE-2016-4766: Apple

CVE-2016-4767: Apple

CVE-2016-4768: Anonymous working with Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A malicious website may be able to access non-HTTP services

Description: Safari's support of HTTP/0.9 allowed cross-protocol
exploitation of non-HTTP services using DNS rebinding. The issue was
addressed by restricting HTTP/0.9 responses to default ports and
canceling resource loads if the document was loaded with a different
HTTP protocol version.

CVE-2016-4760: Jordan Milne

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved state management.

CVE-2016-4733: Natalie Silvanovich of Google Project Zero

CVE-2016-4765: Apple

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
intercept and alter network traffic to applications using WKWebView with
HTTPS

Description: A certificate validation issue existed in the handling of
WKWebView. This issue was addressed through improved validation.

CVE-2016-4763: an anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry added September 20, 2016#

*WebKit*

Available for:  iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved state management.

CVE-2016-4764: Apple

[.note]#Entry added November 3, 2016#

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/kb/HT2693[Contact the
vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: September 12, 2018

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 10

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT207143/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
