* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 9.3.3

This document describes the security content of iOS 9.3.3.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or
confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches
or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222[Apple security updates] page.

For more information about security, see
the https://www.apple.com/support/security/[Apple Product
Security] page. You can encrypt communications with Apple using
the https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201601[Apple Product Security PGP
Key].

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 9.3.3

[.note]#Released July 18, 2016#

*Calendar*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: A maliciously crafted calendar invite may cause a device to
unexpectedly restart

Description: A null pointer dereference was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-4605 : Henry Feldman MD at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center

*CFNetwork Credentials*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to leak
sensitive user information

Description: A downgrade issue existed with HTTP authentication
credentials saved in Keychain. This issue was addressed by storing the
authentication types with the credentials.

CVE-2016-4644 : Jerry Decime coordinated via CERT

*CFNetwork Proxies*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to leak
sensitive user information

Description: A validation issue existed in the parsing of 407 responses.
This issue was addressed through improved response validation.

CVE-2016-4643 : Xiaofeng Zheng of Blue Lotus Team, Tsinghua University;
Jerry Decime coordinated via CERT

*CFNetwork Proxies*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: An application may unknowingly send a password unencrypted over
the network

Description: Proxy authentication incorrectly reported HTTP proxies
received credentials securely. This issue was addressed through improved
warnings.

CVE-2016-4642 : Jerry Decime coordinated via CERT

*CoreGraphics*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to execute arbitrary code

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-4637 : Tyler Bohan of Cisco Talos
(talosintel.com/vulnerability-reports)

*FaceTime*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
cause a relayed call to continue transmitting audio while appearing as
if the call terminated

Description: User interface inconsistencies existed in the handling of
relayed calls. These issues were addressed through improved FaceTime
display logic.

CVE-2016-4635 : Martin Vigo

*GasGauge*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with kernel privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue existed in the kernel. This issue
was addressed through improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-7576 : qwertyoruiop

[.note]#Entry added September 27, 2016#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: A memory consumption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-4632 : Evgeny Sidorov of Yandex

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to execute arbitrary code

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-4631 : Tyler Bohan of Cisco Talos
(talosintel.com/vulnerability-reports)

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-7705: Craig Young of Tripwire VERT

[.note]#Entry added November 30, 2017#

*IOAcceleratorFamily*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: A local user may be able to read kernel memory

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed through improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2016-4628 : Ju Zhu of Trend Micro

*IOAcceleratorFamily*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: A local user may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A null pointer dereference was addressed through improved
validation.

CVE-2016-4627 : Ju Zhu of Trend Micro

*IOHIDFamily*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: A local user may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A null pointer dereference was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2016-4626 : Stefan Esser of SektionEins

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: A local user may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-1863 : Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

CVE-2016-4653 : Ju Zhu of Trend Micro

CVE-2016-4582 : Shrek_wzw and Proteas of Qihoo 360 Nirvan Team

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: A local user may be able to cause a system denial of service

Description: A null pointer dereference was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2016-1865 : CESG, Marco Grassi (@marcograss) of KeenLab (@keen_lab),
Tencent

*Libc*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause unexpected application
termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: A buffer overflow existed within the "link_ntoa()" function
in linkaddr.c. This issue was addressed through additional bounds
checking.

CVE-2016-6559 : Apple

[.note]#Entry added January 10, 2017#

*libxml2*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: Multiple vulnerabilities in libxml2

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2015-8317 : Hanno Boeck

CVE-2016-1836 : Wei Lei and Liu Yang of Nanyang Technological University

CVE-2016-4447 : Wei Lei and Liu Yang of Nanyang Technological University

CVE-2016-4448 : Apple

CVE-2016-4483 : Gustavo Grieco

CVE-2016-4614 : Nick Wellnhofer

CVE-2016-4615 : Nick Wellnhofer

CVE-2016-4616 : Michael Paddon

[.note]#Entry updated June 4, 2017#

*libxml2*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: Parsing a maliciously crafted XML document may lead to
disclosure of user information

Description: An access issue existed in the parsing of maliciously
crafted XML files. This issue was addressed through improved input
validation.

CVE-2016-4449 : Kostya Serebryany

*libxslt*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: Multiple vulnerabilities in libxslt

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-1683 : Nicolas Grégoire

CVE-2016-1684 : Nicolas Grégoire

CVE-2016-4607 : Nick Wellnhofer

CVE-2016-4608 : Nicolas Grégoire

CVE-2016-4609 : Nick Wellnhofer

CVE-2016-4610 : Nick Wellnhofer

[.note]#Entry updated April 11, 2017#

*Safari*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: Visiting a malicious website may lead to user interface spoofing

Description: Redirect responses to invalid ports may have allowed a
malicious website to display an arbitrary domain while displaying
arbitrary content. This issue was addressed through improved URL display
logic.

CVE-2016-4604 : xisigr of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab (www.tencent.com)

*Sandbox Profiles*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: A local application may be able to access the process list

Description: An access issue existed with privileged API calls. This
issue was addressed through additional restrictions.

CVE-2016-4594 : Stefan Esser of SektionEins

*Siri Contacts*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: A person with physical access to a device may be able to see
private contact information

Description: A privacy issue existed in the handling of Contact cards.
This was addressed through improved state management.

CVE-2016-4593 : Pedro Pinheiro (facebook.com/pedro.pinheiro.1996)

*Web Media*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: Viewing a video in Safari's Private Browsing mode displays the
URL of the video outside of Private Browsing mode

Description: A privacy issue existed in the handling of user data by
Safari View Controller. This issue was addressed through improved state
management.

CVE-2016-4603 : Brian Porter (@portex33)

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: Visiting a maliciously crafted website may result in the
disclosure of process memory

Description: A memory initialization issue was addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-4587 : Apple

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: Visiting a malicious website may disclose image data from
another website

Description: A timing issue existed in the processing of SVG. This issue
was addressed through improved validation.

CVE-2016-4583 : Roeland Krak

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: Visiting a maliciously crafted website may leak sensitive data

Description: A permissions issue existed in the handling of the location
variable. This was addressed though additional ownership checks.

CVE-2016-4591 : ma.la of LINE Corporation

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: Visiting a maliciously crafted website may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-4589 : Tongbo Luo and Bo Qu of Palo Alto Networks

CVE-2016-4622 : Samuel Gross working with Trend Micro's Zero Day
Initiative

CVE-2016-4623 : Apple

CVE-2016-4624 : Apple

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: Visiting a malicious website may lead to user interface spoofing

Description: An origin inheritance issue existed in parsing of about:
URLs. This was addressed through improved validation of security
origins.

CVE-2016-4590 : xisigr of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab (www.tencent.com)

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: Visiting a maliciously crafted webpage may lead to a system
denial of service

Description: A memory consumption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-4592 : Mikhail

*WebKit JavaScript Bindings*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: Visiting a maliciously crafted website may lead to script
execution in the context of a non-HTTP service

Description: A cross-protocol cross-site scripting (XPXSS) issue existed
in Safari when submitting forms to non-HTTP services compatible with
HTTP/0.9. This issue was addressed by disabling scripts and plugins on
resources loaded over HTTP/0.9.

CVE-2016-4651 : Obscure

*WebKit Page Loading*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: A malicious website may exfiltrate data cross-origin

Description: A cross-site scripting issue existed in Safari URL
redirection. This issue was addressed through improved URL validation on
redirection.

CVE-2016-4585 : Takeshi Terada of Mitsui Bussan Secure Directions, Inc.
(www.mbsd.jp)

*WebKit Page Loading*

Available for: iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch (5th generation) and
later, iPad 2 and later

Impact: Visiting a maliciously crafted website may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-4584 : Chris Vienneau

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/kb/HT2693[Contact the
vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: November 30, 2017

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 9.3.3

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT206902/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
