* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 12.2

This document describes the security content of iOS 12.2.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss or
confirm security issues until an investigation has taken place and
patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201222[Apple security
updates] page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201220[Apple Product
Security] page.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 12.2

[.note]#Released 25 March 2019#

*802.1X*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
intercept network traffic

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2019-6203: Dominic White of SensePost (@singe)

[.note]#Entry added 15 April 2019#

*Accounts*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted vcf file may lead to a denial
of service

Description: A denial-of-service issue was addressed with improved
validation.

CVE-2019-8538: Trevor Spiniolas (@TrevorSpiniolas)

[.note]#Entry added 3 April 2019#

*CFString*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted string may lead to a denial of
service

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved logic.

CVE-2019-8516: SWIPS Team of Frifee Inc.

*configd*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to elevate privileges

Description: A memory initialisation issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2019-8552: Mohamed Ghannam (@_simo36)

*Contacts*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to elevate privileges

Description: A buffer overflow issue was addressed with improved memory
handling.

CVE-2019-8511: an anonymous researcher

*CoreCrypto*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to elevate privileges

Description: A buffer overflow was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2019-8542: an anonymous researcher

*Exchange ActiveSync*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A user may authorise an enterprise administrator to remotely
wipe their device without appropriate disclosure

Description: This issue was addressed with improved transparency.

CVE-2019-8512: an anonymous researcher, Dennis Munsie of Amazon.com

[.note]#Entry updated April 3, 2019#

*FaceTime*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A user’s video may not be paused in a FaceTime call if they exit
the FaceTime app while the call is ringing

Description: An issue existed in the pausing of FaceTime video. The
issue was resolved with improved logic.

CVE-2019-8550: Lauren Guzniczak of Keystone Academy

*Feedback Assistant*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to gain root privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed with additional validation.

CVE-2019-8565: CodeColorist of Ant-Financial LightYear Labs

*Feedback Assistant*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to overwrite arbitrary files

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2019-8521: CodeColorist of Ant-Financial LightYear Labs

*file*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted file might disclose user
information

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2019-8906: Francisco Alonso

[.note]#Entry updated 15 April 2019#

*GeoServices*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Clicking a malicious SMS link may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
validation.

CVE-2019-8553: an anonymous researcher

*iAP*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to elevate privileges

Description: A buffer overflow was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2019-8542: an anonymous researcher

*IOHIDFamily*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to cause unexpected system termination
or read kernel memory

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2019-8545: Adam Donenfeld (@doadam) of the Zimperium zLabs Team

*IOKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to read kernel memory

Description: A memory initialisation issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2019-8504: an anonymous researcher

*IOKit SCSI*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2019-8529: Juwei Lin (@panicaII) of Trend Micro Research working
with Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry updated April 15, 2019#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to alter network traffic data

Description: A memory corruption issue existed in the handling of IPv6
packets. This issue was addressed with improved memory management.

CVE-2019-5608: Apple

[.note]#Entry added 06 August 2019#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to leak memory

Description: An out-of-bounds read issue existed that led to the
disclosure of kernel memory. This was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2019-8547: derrek (@derrekr6)

[.note]#Entry added 30 May 2019#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2019-8525: Zhuo Liang and shrek_wzw of Qihoo 360 Nirvan Team

[.note]#Entry added 30 May 2019#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause unexpected system
termination or corrupt kernel memory

Description: A buffer overflow was addressed with improved size
validation.

CVE-2019-8527: Ned Williamson of Google and derrek (@derrekr6)

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2019-8528: Fabiano Anemone (@anoane), Zhao Qixun (@S0rryMybad) of
Qihoo 360 Vulcan Team

[.note]#Entry added 03 April 2019#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to gain elevated privileges

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2019-8514: Samuel Groß of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to determine kernel memory
layout

Description: A memory initialisation issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2019-8540: Weibo Wang (@ma1fan) of Qihoo 360 Nirvan Team

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to read kernel memory

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2019-7293: Ned Williamson of Google

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to determine kernel memory
layout

Description: An out-of-bounds read issue existed that led to the
disclosure of kernel memory. This was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2019-6207: Weibo Wang of Qihoo 360 Nirvan Team (@ma1fan)

CVE-2019-8510: Stefan Esser of Antid0te UG

*Mail*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted mail message may lead to S/MIME
signature spoofing

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2019-7284: Damian Poddebniak of Münster University of Applied
Sciences

*MediaLibrary*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to access restricted files

Description: A permissions issue was addressed by removing vulnerable
code and adding additional checks.

CVE-2019-8532: Angel Ramirez, Min (Spark) Zheng and Xiaolong Bai of
Alibaba Inc.

[.note]#Entry added 30 May 2019#

*Messages*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to view sensitive user information

Description: An access issue was addressed with additional sandbox
restrictions.

CVE-2019-8546: ChiYuan Chang

*Power Management*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with system privileges

Description: Multiple input validation issues existed in MIG generated
code. These issues were addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2019-8549: Mohamed Ghannam (@_simo36) of SSD Secure Disclosure
(ssd-disclosure.com)

*Privacy*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious app may be able to track users between installs

Description: A privacy issue existed in motion sensor calibration. This
issue was addressed with improved motion sensor processing.

CVE-2019-8541: Stan (Jiexin) Zhang and Alastair R. Beresford of the
University of Cambridge and Ian Sheret of Polymath Insight Limited

*ReplayKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to access the microphone
without indication to the user

Description: An API issue existed in the handling of microphone data.
This issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2019-8566: an anonymous researcher

*Safari*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A website may be able to access sensor information without user
consent

Description: A permissions issue existed in the handling of motion and
orientation data. This issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2019-8554: an anonymous researcher

*Safari Reader*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Enabling the Safari Reader feature on a maliciously crafted
webpage may lead to universal cross site scripting

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2019-6204: Ryan Pickren (ryanpickren.com)

CVE-2019-8505: Ryan Pickren (ryanpickren.com)

*Sandbox*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A sandboxed process may be able to circumvent sandbox
restrictions

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2019-8618: Brandon Azad

[.note]#Entry added 30 May 2019#

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An untrusted radius server certificate may be trusted

Description: A validation issue existed in Trust Anchor Management. This
issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2019-8531: an anonymous researcher, QA team of SecureW2

[.note]#Entry added 15 May 2019#

*Siri*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to initiate a Dictation
request without user authorisation

Description: An API issue existed in the handling of dictation requests.
This issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2019-8502: Luke Deshotels of North Carolina State University, Jordan
Beichler of North Carolina State University, William Enck of North
Carolina State University, Costin Carabaș of University POLITEHNICA of
Bucharest, and Răzvan Deaconescu of University POLITEHNICA of Bucharest

*TrueTypeScaler*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted font may result in the
disclosure of process memory

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2019-8517: riusksk of VulWar Corp working with Trend Micro Zero Day
Initiative

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to universal
cross site scripting

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2019-8551: Ryan Pickren (ryanpickren.com)

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2019-8535: Zhiyang Zeng (@Wester) of Tencent Blade Team

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved memory handling.

CVE-2019-6201: dwfault working with ADLab of Venustech

CVE-2019-8518: Samuel Groß of Google Project Zero

CVE-2019-8523: Apple

CVE-2019-8524: G. Geshev working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2019-8558: Samuel Groß of Google Project Zero

CVE-2019-8559: Apple

CVE-2019-8563: Apple

CVE-2019-8638: found by OSS-Fuzz

CVE-2019-8639: found by OSS-Fuzz

[.note]#Entry updated 30 May 2019#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A sandboxed process may be able to circumvent sandbox
restrictions

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
validation.

CVE-2019-8562: Wen Xu of SSLab at Georgia Tech and Hanqing Zhao of
Chaitin Security Research Lab

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A website may be able to access the microphone without the
microphone use indicator being shown

Description: A consistency issue was addressed with improved state
handling.

CVE-2019-6222: Denis Markov of Resonance Software

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may disclose
sensitive user information

Description: A cross-origin issue existed with the fetch API. This was
addressed with improved input validation.

CVE-2019-8515: James Lee (@Windowsrcer)

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2019-8536: Apple

CVE-2019-8544: an anonymous researcher

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2019-7285: dwfault working at ADLab of Venustech

CVE-2019-8556: Apple

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A type confusion issue was addressed with improved memory
handling.

CVE-2019-8506: Samuel Groß of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious website may be able to execute scripts in the
context of another website

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2019-8503: Linus Särud of Detectify

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may result in the
disclosure of process memory

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved logic.

CVE-2019-7292: Zhunki and Zhiyi Zhang of 360 ESG Codesafe Team

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A device may be passively tracked by its Wi-Fi MAC address

Description: A user privacy issue was addressed by removing the
broadcast MAC address.

CVE-2019-8567: David Kreitschmann and Milan Stute of Secure Mobile
Networking Lab at Technische Universität Darmstadt

*XPC*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to overwrite arbitrary files

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2019-8530: CodeColorist of Ant-Financial LightYear Labs

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== Additional recognition

*Accounts*

We would like to acknowledge Milan Stute of Secure Mobile Networking Lab
at Technische Universität Darmstadt for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 30 May 2019#

*Books*

We would like to acknowledge Yiğit Can YILMAZ (@yilmazcanyigit) for
their assistance.

*Calendar*

We would like to acknowledge an anonymous researcher, Peter Hempsall of
104days.com and Sascha Mogler of mogler.com for their assistance.

*Kernel*

We would like to acknowledge Brandon Azad, Raz Mashat (@RazMashat) of
Ilan Ramon High School, Brandon Azad of Google Project Zero for their
assistance.

[.note]#Entry updated 30 May 2019#

*Quick Look*

We would like to acknowledge Yiğit Can YILMAZ (@yilmazcanyigit) for
their assistance.

*Safari*

We would like to acknowledge Nikhil Mittal (@c0d3G33k) of Payatu Labs
(payatu.com), Ryan Pickren (ryanpickren.com) for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry updated 30 May 2019#

*Screen Recording*

We would like to acknowledge Brandon Moore (@Brandonsecurity) for their
assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 6 November 2019#

*Screen Time*

We would like to acknowledge Brandon Moore (@Brandonsecurity) for their
assistance.

*WebKit*

We would like to acknowledge Andrey Kovalev of Yandex Security Team,
David House of Kaiser Permanente, Radha Patnayakuni of Salesforce for
their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 8 October 2019#

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT2693[Contact
the vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: August 05, 2020

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 12.2

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT209599/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
