* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 10.3.2

This document describes the security content of iOS 10.3.2.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or
confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches
or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222[Apple security updates] page.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201220[Apple Product Security] page.
You can encrypt communications with Apple using
the https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201601[Apple Product Security PGP
Key].

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 10.3.2

[.note]#Released May 15, 2017#

*AVEVideoEncoder*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to gain kernel privileges

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved memory handling.

CVE-2017-6989: Adam Donenfeld (@doadam) of the Zimperium zLabs Team

CVE-2017-6994: Adam Donenfeld (@doadam) of the Zimperium zLabs Team

CVE-2017-6995: Adam Donenfeld (@doadam) of the Zimperium zLabs Team

CVE-2017-6996: Adam Donenfeld (@doadam) of the Zimperium zLabs Team

CVE-2017-6997: Adam Donenfeld (@doadam) of the Zimperium zLabs Team

CVE-2017-6998: Adam Donenfeld (@doadam) of the Zimperium zLabs Team

CVE-2017-6999: Adam Donenfeld (@doadam) of the Zimperium zLabs Team

[.note]#Entry updated May 17, 2017#

*CoreAudio*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitization.

CVE-2017-2502: Yangkang (@dnpushme) of Qihoo360 Qex Team

*CoreFoundation*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: Parsing maliciously crafted data may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2522: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added May 19, 2017#

*CoreText*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted file may lead to application
termination

Description: A denial of service issue was addressed through improved
validation.

CVE-2017-7003: Jake Davis of SPYSCAPE (@DoubleJake), João Henrique Neves
and Stephen Goldberg of Salesforce

[.note]#Entry added June 7, 2017#

*Foundation*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: Parsing maliciously crafted data may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2523: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added May 19, 2017#

*iBooks*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: A maliciously crafted book may open arbitrary websites without
user permission

Description: A URL handling issue was addressed through improved state
management.

CVE-2017-2497: Jun Kokatsu (@shhnjk)

*iBooks*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with root
privileges

Description: An issue existed within the path validation logic for
symlinks. This issue was addressed through improved path sanitization.

CVE-2017-6981: evi1m0 of YSRC (sec.ly.com)

*IOSurface*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to gain kernel privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed through improved locking.

CVE-2017-6979: Adam Donenfeld (@doadam) of the Zimperium zLabs Team

[.note]#Entry updated May 17, 2017#

*JavaScriptCore*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to
unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2017-7005: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added June 9, 2017#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed through improved locking.

CVE-2017-2501: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitization.

CVE-2017-2507: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-6987: Patrick Wardle of Synack

*Notifications*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: A denial of service issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-6982: Vincent Desmurs (vincedes3), Sem Voigtlander
(OxFEEDFACE), and Joseph Shenton of CoffeeBreakers

*Safari*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: Visiting a maliciously crafted webpage may lead to an
application denial of service

Description: An issue in Safari's history menu was addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2017-2495: Tubasa Iinuma (@llamakko_cafe) of Gehirn Inc.

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: Update to the certificate trust policy

Description: A certificate validation issue existed in the handling of
untrusted certificates. This issue was addressed through improved user
handling of trust acceptance.

CVE-2017-2498: Andrew Jerman

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: A local application may be able to send privileged XPC messages
without entitlements

Description: A race condition was addressed with improved consistency
checks.

CVE-2017-7004: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added June 8, 2017#

*SQLite*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: A maliciously crafted SQL query may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed through improved
memory management.

CVE-2017-2513: found by OSS-Fuzz

*SQLite*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: A maliciously crafted SQL query may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: A buffer overflow issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2518: found by OSS-Fuzz

CVE-2017-2520: found by OSS-Fuzz

*SQLite*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: A maliciously crafted SQL query may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2519: found by OSS-Fuzz

*SQLite*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved input validation.

CVE-2017-6983: Chaitin Security Research Lab (@ChaitinTech) working with
Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-6991: Chaitin Security Research Lab (@ChaitinTech) working with
Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-7000: Chaitin Security Research Lab (@ChaitinTech) working with
Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-7001: Chaitin Security Research Lab (@ChaitinTech) working with
Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-7002: Chaitin Security Research Lab (@ChaitinTech) working with
Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry updated May 24, 2017#

*TextInput*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: Parsing maliciously crafted data may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2524: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved memory handling.

CVE-2017-2496: Apple

CVE-2017-2505: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-2506: Zheng Huang of the Baidu Security Lab working with Trend
Micro’s Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-2514: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-2515: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-2521: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-2525: Kai Kang (4B5F5F4B) of Tencent’s Xuanwu Lab (tencent.com)
working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-2526: Kai Kang (4B5F5F4B) of Tencent’s Xuanwu Lab (tencent.com)
working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-2530: Wei Yuan of Baidu Security Lab, Zheng Huang of the Baidu
Security Lab working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-2531: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-2538: Richard Zhu (fluorescence) working with Trend Micro's
Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-2539: Richard Zhu (fluorescence) working with Trend Micro's
Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-2544: 360 Security (@mj0011sec) working with Trend Micro's Zero
Day Initiative

CVE-2017-2547: lokihardt of Google Project Zero, Team Sniper (Keen Lab
and PC Mgr) working with Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-6980: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-6984: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry updated June 20, 2017#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to universal
cross site scripting

Description: A logic issue existed in the handling of WebKit Editor
commands. This issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2017-2504: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to universal
cross site scripting

Description: A logic issue existed in the handling of WebKit container
nodes. This issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2017-2508: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to universal
cross site scripting

Description: A logic issue existed in the handling of pageshow events.
This issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2017-2510: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to universal
cross site scripting

Description: A logic issue existed in the handling of WebKit cached
frames. This issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2017-2528: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues with addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2017-2536: Samuel Groß and Niklas Baumstark working with Trend
Micro's Zero Day Initiative

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to universal
cross site scripting

Description: A logic issue existed in frame loading. This issue was
addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2017-2549: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

*WebKit Web Inspector*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute unsigned code

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2499: George Dan (@theninjaprawn)

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== Additional recognition

*Kernel*

****We would like to acknowledge Orr A. of Aleph Research, HCL
Technologies for their assistance.

*Safari*

We would like to acknowledge Flyin9_L (ZhenHui Lee) (@ACITSEC) for their
assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/kb/HT2693[Contact the
vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: June 20, 2017

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 10.3.2

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT207798/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
