* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of OS X El Capitan v10.11.6 and Security Update 2016-004

This document describes the security content of OS X El Capitan v10.11.6
and Security Update 2016-004.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or
confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches
or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222[Apple security updates] page.

For more information about security, see
the https://www.apple.com/support/security/[Apple Product
Security] page. You can encrypt communications with Apple using
the https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201601[Apple Product Security PGP
Key].

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== OS X El Capitan v10.11.6 and Security Update 2016-004

[.note]#Released July 18, 2016#

*apache_mod_php*

Available for: OS X Yosemite v10.10.5 and OS X El Capitan v10.11 and
later

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to execute arbitrary code

Description: Multiple issues existed in PHP versions prior to 5.5.36.
These were addressed by updating PHP to version 5.5.36.

CVE-2016-5093

CVE-2016-5094

CVE-2016-5096

CVE-2013-7456

*Audio*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A local user may be able to cause a system denial of service

Description: A null pointer dereference was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2016-4649 : Juwei Lin(@fuzzerDOTcn) of Trend Micro

*Audio*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A local user may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-4647 : Juwei Lin(@fuzzerDOTcn) of Trend Micro

*Audio*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A local user may be able to determine kernel memory layout

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed through improved input
validation.

CVE-2016-4648 : Juwei Lin(@fuzzerDOTcn) of Trend Micro; Jack Tang and
Moony Li of Trend Micro working with Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

*Audio*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: Parsing a maliciously crafted audio file may lead to the
disclosure of user information

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed through improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2016-4646 : Steven Seeley of Source Incite working with Trend
Micro's Zero Day Initiative

*bsdiff*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A local attacker may be able to cause unexpected application
termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: An integer overflow existed in bspatch. This issue was
addressed through improved bounds checking.

CVE-2014-9862 : an anonymous researcher

*CFNetwork*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A local user may be able to view sensitive user information

Description: A permissions issue existed in the handling of web browser
cookies. This issue was addressed through improved restrictions.

CVE-2016-4645 : Abhinav Bansal of Zscaler Inc.

*CFNetwork Credentials*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to leak
sensitive user information

Description: A downgrade issue existed with HTTP authentication
credentials saved in Keychain. This issue was addressed by storing the
authentication types with the credentials.

CVE-2016-4644 : Jerry Decime coordinated via CERT

*CFNetwork Proxies*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to leak
sensitive user information

Description: A validation issue existed in the parsing of 407 responses.
This issue was addressed through improved response validation.

CVE-2016-4643 : Xiaofeng Zheng of Blue Lotus Team, Tsinghua University;
Jerry Decime coordinated via CERT

*CFNetwork Proxies*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: An application may unknowingly send a password unencrypted over
the network

Description: Proxy authentication incorrectly reported HTTP proxies
received credentials securely. This issue was addressed through improved
warnings.

CVE-2016-4642 : Jerry Decime coordinated via CERT

*CoreGraphics*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A local user may be able to elevate privileges

Description: An out-of-bounds read issue existed that led to the
disclosure of kernel memory. This was addressed through improved input
validation.

CVE-2016-4652 : Yubin Fu of Tencent KeenLab working with Trend Micro's
Zero Day Initiative

*CoreGraphics*

Available for: OS X Mavericks v10.9.5, OS X Yosemite v10.10.5, and OS X
El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to execute arbitrary code

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-4637 : Tyler Bohan of Cisco Talos
(talosintel.com/vulnerability-reports)

*FaceTime*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
cause a relayed call to continue transmitting audio while appearing as
if the call terminated

Description: User interface inconsistencies existed in the handling of
relayed calls. These issues were addressed through improved FaceTime
display logic.

CVE-2016-4635 : Martin Vigo

*Graphics Drivers*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A local user may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2016-4634 : Stefan Esser of SektionEins

*ImageIO*

Available for: OS X Mavericks v10.9.5, OS X Yosemite v10.10.5, and OS X
El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to execute arbitrary code

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-4629 : Tyler Bohan of Cisco Talos
(talosintel.com/vulnerability-reports)

CVE-2016-4630 : Tyler Bohan of Cisco Talos
(talosintel.com/vulnerability-reports)

*ImageIO*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: A memory consumption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-4632 : Evgeny Sidorov of Yandex

*ImageIO*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to execute arbitrary code

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-4631 : Tyler Bohan of Cisco Talos
(talosintel.com/vulnerability-reports)

*ImageIO*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-7705 : Craig Young of Tripwire VERT

[.note]#Entry added November 30, 2017#

*Intel Graphics Driver*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with kernel privileges

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-4633 : Marco Grassi (@marcograss) of KeenLab (@keen_lab),
Tencent

*IOHIDFamily*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A local user may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A null pointer dereference was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2016-4626 : Stefan Esser of SektionEins

*IOSurface*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A local user may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A use-after-free was addressed through improved memory
management.

CVE-2016-4625 : Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A local user may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-1863 : Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

CVE-2016-4653 : Ju Zhu of Trend Micro

CVE-2016-4582 : Shrek_wzw and Proteas of Qihoo 360 Nirvan Team

*Kernel*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A local user may be able to cause a system denial of service

Description: A null pointer dereference was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2016-1865 : Marco Grassi (@marcograss) of KeenLab (@keen_lab),
Tencent, CESG

*Libc*

Available for: OS X Mavericks v10.9.5, OS X Yosemite v10.10.5, and OS X
El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause unexpected application
termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: A buffer overflow existed within the "link_ntoa()" function
in linkaddr.c. This issue was addressed through additional bounds
checking.

CVE-2016-6559 : Apple

[.note]#Entry added January 10, 2017#

*libc++abi*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with root
privileges

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-4621 : an anonymous researcher

*libexpat*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted XML may lead to unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-0718 : Gustavo Grieco

*LibreSSL*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to execute arbitrary code

Description: Multiple issues existed in LibreSSL before 2.2.7. These
were addressed by updating LibreSSL to version 2.2.7.

CVE-2016-2108 : Huzaifa Sidhpurwala (Red Hat), Hanno Böck, David
Benjamin (Google), Mark Brand and Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

CVE-2016-2109 : Brian Carpenter

*libxml2*

Available for: OS X Mavericks v10.9.5, OS X Yosemite v10.10.5, and OS X
El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: Multiple vulnerabilities in libxml2

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2015-8317 : Hanno Boeck

CVE-2016-1836 : Wei Lei and Liu Yang of Nanyang Technological University

CVE-2016-4447 : Wei Lei and Liu Yang of Nanyang Technological University

CVE-2016-4448 : Apple

CVE-2016-4483 : Gustavo Grieco

CVE-2016-4614 : Nick Wellnhofer

CVE-2016-4615 : Nick Wellnhofer

CVE-2016-4616 : Michael Paddon

[.note]#Entry updated June 5, 2017#

*libxml2*

Available for: OS X Mavericks v10.9.5, OS X Yosemite v10.10.5, and OS X
El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: Parsing a maliciously crafted XML document may lead to
disclosure of user information

Description: An access issue existed in the parsing of maliciously
crafted XML files. This issue was addressed through improved input
validation.

CVE-2016-4449 : Kostya Serebryany

*libxslt*

Available for: OS X Mavericks v10.9.5, OS X Yosemite v10.10.5, and OS X
El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: Multiple vulnerabilities in libxslt

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-1683 : Nicolas Grégoire

CVE-2016-1684 : Nicolas Grégoire

CVE-2016-4607 : Nick Wellnhofer

CVE-2016-4608 : Nicolas Grégoire

CVE-2016-4609 : Nick Wellnhofer

CVE-2016-4610 : Nick Wellnhofer

[.note]#Entry updated April 11, 2017#

*Login Window*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A malicious application may be able to gain root privileges

Description: A type confusion issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-4638 : Yubin Fu of Tencent KeenLab working with TrendMicro's
Zero Day Initiative

*Login Window*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
leading to compromise of user information

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2016-4640 : an anonymous researcher working with Trend Micro’s Zero
Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry updated November 16, 2016#

*Login Window*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
leading to the compromise of user information

Description: A type confusion issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-4641 : Yubin Fu of Tencent KeenLab working with Trend Micro's
Zero Day Initiative

*Login Window*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A local user may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: A memory initialization issue was addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-4639 : Yubin Fu of Tencent KeenLab working with Trend Micro's
Zero Day Initiative

*OpenSSL*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to execute arbitrary code

Description: Multiple issues existed in OpenSSL. These issues were
resolved by backporting the fixes from OpenSSL 1.0.2h/1.0.1 to OpenSSL
0.9.8.

CVE-2016-2105 : Guido Vranken

CVE-2016-2106 : Guido Vranken

CVE-2016-2107 : Juraj Somorovsky

CVE-2016-2108 : Huzaifa Sidhpurwala (Red Hat), Hanno Böck, David
Benjamin (Google), Mark Brand and Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

CVE-2016-2109 : Brian Carpenter

CVE-2016-2176 : Guido Vranken

*QuickTime*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted SGI file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2016-4601 : Ke Liu of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab

*QuickTime*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted Photoshop document may lead to
unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2016-4599 : Ke Liu of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab

*QuickTime*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted FlashPix Bitmap Image may lead
to unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-4596 : Ke Liu of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab

CVE-2016-4597 : Ke Liu of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab

CVE-2016-4600 : Ke Liu of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab

CVE-2016-4602 : Ke Liu of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab

*QuickTime*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2016-4598 : Ke Liu of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab

*Safari Login AutoFill*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A user's password may be visible on screen

Description: An issue existed in Safari's password auto-fill. This issue
was addressed through improved matching of form fields.

CVE-2016-4595 : Jonathan Lewis from DeARX Services (PTY) LTD

*Sandbox Profiles*

Available for: OS X El Capitan v10.11 and later

Impact: A local application may be able to access the process list

Description: An access issue existed with privileged API calls. This
issue was addressed through additional restrictions.

CVE-2016-4594 : Stefan Esser of SektionEins

[.note]#OS X El Capitan v10.11.6 includes the security content
of https://support.apple.com/kb/HT206900[Safari 9.1.2].#

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/kb/HT2693[Contact the
vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: November 30, 2017

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of OS X El Capitan v10.11.6 and Security
Update 2016-004

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT206903/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
