* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of macOS Sierra 10.12.5, Security Update 2017-002 El Capitan, and Security Update 2017-002 Yosemite

This document describes the security content of macOS Sierra 10.12.5,
Security Update 2017-002 El Capitan, and Security Update 2017-002
Yosemite.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or
confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches
or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222[Apple security updates] page.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201220[Apple Product Security] page.
You can encrypt communications with Apple using
the https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201601[Apple Product Security PGP
Key].

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== macOS Sierra 10.12.5, Security Update 2017-002 El Capitan, and Security Update 2017-002 Yosemite

[.note]#Released May 15, 2017#

*802.1X*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: A malicious network with 802.1X authentication may be able to
capture user network credentials

Description: A certificate validation issue existed in EAP-TLS when a
certificate changed. This issue was addressed through improved
certificate validation.

CVE-2017-6988: Tim Cappalli of Aruba, a Hewlett Packard Enterprise
company

*Accessibility Framework*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: An application may be able to gain system privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-6978: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

*CoreAnimation*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan 10.11.6, and OS X
Yosemite 10.10.5

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted data may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: A memory consumption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2527: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

*CoreAudio*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitization.

CVE-2017-2502: Yangkang (@dnpushme) of Qihoo360 Qex Team

*CoreFoundation*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan 10.11.6, and OS X
Yosemite 10.10.5

Impact: Parsing maliciously crafted data may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2522: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added May 19, 2017#

*CoreText*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan 10.11.6, and OS X
Yosemite 10.10.5

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted file may lead to application
termination

Description: A denial of service issue was addressed through improved
validation.

CVE-2017-7003: Jake Davis of SPYSCAPE (@DoubleJake), João Henrique Neves
and Stephen Goldberg of Salesforce

[.note]#Entry updated June 7, 2017#

*DiskArbitration*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 and OS X El Capitan 10.11.6

Impact: An application may be able to gain system privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed with additional filesystem
restrictions.

CVE-2017-2533: Samuel Groß and Niklas Baumstark working with Trend
Micro's Zero Day Initiative

*Foundation*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan 10.11.6, and OS X
Yosemite 10.10.5

Impact: Parsing maliciously crafted data may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2523: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added May 19, 2017#

*HFS*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan 10.11.6, and OS X
Yosemite 10.10.5

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitization.

CVE-2017-6990: Chaitin Security Research Lab (@ChaitinTech) working with
Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

*iBooks*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: A maliciously crafted book may open arbitrary websites without
user permission

Description: A URL handling issue was addressed through improved state
management.

CVE-2017-2497: Jun Kokatsu (@shhnjk)

*iBooks*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with root
privileges

Description: An issue existed within the path validation logic for
symlinks. This issue was addressed through improved path sanitization.

CVE-2017-6981: evi1m0 of YSRC (sec.ly.com)

*iBooks*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: An application may be able to escape its sandbox

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-6986: evi1m0 of YSRC (sec.ly.com) & Heige (SuperHei) of
Knownsec 404 Security Team

*Intel Graphics Driver*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: An application may be able to gain kernel privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2503: sss and Axis of 360Nirvan team

*IOGraphics*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: An application may be able to gain kernel privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2545: 360 Security (@mj0011sec) working with Trend Micro's Zero
Day Initiative

*IOSurface*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan 10.11.6, and OS X
Yosemite 10.10.5

Impact: An application may be able to gain kernel privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed through improved locking.

CVE-2017-6979: Adam Donenfeld (@doadam) of the Zimperium zLabs Team

[.note]#Entry updated May 17, 2017#

*Kernel*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: An application may be able to gain kernel privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2494: Jann Horn of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed through improved locking.

CVE-2017-2501: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitization.

CVE-2017-2507: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-2509: Jann Horn of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-6987: Patrick Wardle of Synack

*Kernel*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan 10.11.6, and OS X
Yosemite 10.10.5

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitization.

CVE-2017-2516: Jann Horn of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan 10.11.6, and OS X
Yosemite 10.10.5

Impact: An application may be able to gain kernel privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2546: Chaitin Security Research Lab (@ChaitinTech) working with
Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

*Multi-Touch*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: An application may be able to gain kernel privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2542: 360 Security (@mj0011sec) working with Trend Micro's Zero
Day Initiative

CVE-2017-2543: 360 Security (@mj0011sec) working with Trend Micro's Zero
Day Initiative

*NVIDIA Graphics Drivers*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: An application may be able to gain kernel privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-6985: Axis and sss of Nirvan Team of Qihoo 360 and Simon Huang
(@HuangShaomang) of IceSword Lab of Qihoo 360

*Sandbox*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan 10.11.6, and OS X
Yosemite 10.10.5

Impact: An application may be able to escape its sandbox

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2512: Federico Bento of Faculty of Sciences, University of
Porto

*Security*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan 10.11.6, and OS X
Yosemite 10.10.5

Impact: An application may be able to escape its sandbox

Description: A resource exhaustion issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2017-2535: Samuel Groß and Niklas Baumstark working with Trend
Micro's Zero Day Initiative

*Security*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: A local application may be able to send privileged XPC messages
without entitlements

Description: A race condition was addressed with improved consistency
checks.

CVE-2017-7004: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added June 8, 2017#

*Speech Framework*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: An application may be able to escape its sandbox

Description: An access issue was addressed through additional sandbox
restrictions.

CVE-2017-2534: Samuel Groß and Niklas Baumstark working with Trend
Micro's Zero Day Initiative

*Speech Framework*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: An application may be able to escape its sandbox

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-6977: Samuel Groß and Niklas Baumstark working with Trend
Micro's Zero Day Initiative

*SQLite*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: A maliciously crafted SQL query may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed through improved
memory management.

CVE-2017-2513: found by OSS-Fuzz

*SQLite*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: A maliciously crafted SQL query may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: A buffer overflow issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2518: found by OSS-Fuzz

CVE-2017-2520: found by OSS-Fuzz

*SQLite*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: A maliciously crafted SQL query may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2519: found by OSS-Fuzz

*SQLite*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved input validation.

CVE-2017-6983: Chaitin Security Research Lab (@ChaitinTech) working with
Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-6991: Chaitin Security Research Lab (@ChaitinTech) working with
Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-7000: Chaitin Security Research Lab (@ChaitinTech) working with
Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-7001: Chaitin Security Research Lab (@ChaitinTech) working with
Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-7002: Chaitin Security Research Lab (@ChaitinTech) working with
Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry updated May 24, 2017#

*TextInput*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan 10.11.6, and OS X
Yosemite 10.10.5

Impact: Parsing maliciously crafted data may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2524: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

*WindowServer*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan 10.11.6, and OS X
Yosemite 10.10.5

Impact: An application may be able to gain system privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2537: Chaitin Security Research Lab (@ChaitinTech) working with
Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-2541: Richard Zhu (fluorescence) working with Trend Micro's
Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-2548: Team Sniper (Keen Lab and PC Mgr) working with Trend
Micro's Zero Day Initiative

*WindowServer*

Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan 10.11.6, and OS X
Yosemite 10.10.5

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitization.

CVE-2017-2540: Richard Zhu (fluorescence) working with Trend Micro's
Zero Day Initiative

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== Additional recognition

*Kernel*

****We would like to acknowledge Jann Horn of Google Project Zero for
their assistance.

*CFNetwork*

****We would like to acknowledge
Samuel Groß and Niklas Baumstark working with Trend Micro's Zero Day
Initiative for their assistance.

[.note]#macOS Sierra 10.12.5, Security Update 2017-002 El Capitan, and
Security Update 2017-002 Yosemite includes the security content
of https://support.apple.com/kb/HT207804[Safari 10.1.1].#

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/kb/HT2693[Contact the
vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: June 08, 2017

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of macOS Sierra 10.12.5, Security Update
2017-002 El Capitan, and Security Update 2017-002 Yosemite

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT207797/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
