* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 10.2

This document describes the security content of iOS 10.2.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or
confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches
or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222[Apple security updates] page.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201220[Apple Product Security] page.
You can encrypt communications with Apple using
the https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201601[Apple Product Security PGP
Key].

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 10.2

[.note]#Released December 12, 2016#

*Accessibility*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A nearby user may be able to overhear spoken passwords

Description: A disclosure issue existed in the handling of passwords.
This issue was addressed by disabling the speaking of passwords.

CVE-2016-7634: Davut Hari, Biren V. Soni, Cameron Lee

[.note]#Entry updated January 10, 2017#

*Accessibility*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A person with physical access to an iOS device may be able to
access photos and contacts from the lock screen

Description: A lock screen issue allowed access to photos and contacts
on a locked device. This issue was addressed by restricting options
offered on a locked device.

CVE-2016-7664: Miguel Alvarado of iDeviceHelp

*Accounts*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An issue existed which did not reset the authorization settings
on app uninstall

Description: This issue was addressed through improved sanitization.

CVE-2016-7651: Ju Zhu and Lilang Wu of Trend Micro

*Audio*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted file may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2016-7658: Haohao Kong of Keen Lab (@keen_lab) of Tencent

CVE-2016-7659: Haohao Kong of Keen Lab (@keen_lab) of Tencent

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*Clipboard*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A local attacker may be able to access clipboard contents 

Description: The clipboard contents were accessible before device
unlock. This issue was addressed through improved state management. 

CVE-2016-7765: CongRong (@Tr3jer)

[.note]#Entry updated January 17, 2017#

*CoreFoundation*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing malicious strings may lead to an unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue existed in the processing of
strings. This issue was addressed through improved bounds checking.

CVE-2016-7663: an anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*CoreGraphics*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted font file may lead to
unexpected application termination

Description: A null pointer dereference was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2016-7627: TRAPMINE Inc. & Meysam Firouzi @R00tkitSMM

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*CoreMedia External Displays*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A local application may be able to execute arbitrary code in the
context of the mediaserver daemon

Description: A type confusion issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-7655: Keen Lab working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*CoreMedia Playback*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted .mp4 file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-7588: dragonltx of Huawei 2012 Laboratories

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*CoreText*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted font file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues existed in the handling
of font files. These issues were addressed through improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2016-7595: riusksk(泉哥) of Tencent Security Platform Department

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*CoreText*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted string may lead to a denial of
service

Description: An issue when rendering overlapping ranges was addressed
through improved validation.

CVE-2016-7667: Nasser Al-Hadhrami (@fast_hack), Saif Al-Hinai
(welcom_there) of Digital Unit (dgunit.com)

[.note]#Entry added December 15, 2016#

*Disk Images*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2016-7616: daybreaker@Minionz working with Trend Micro's Zero Day
Initiative

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*Find My iPhone*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An attacker with an unlocked device may be able to disable Find
My iPhone

Description: A state management issue existed in the handling of
authentication information.  This issue was addressed through improved
storage of account information.

CVE-2016-7638: an anonymous researcher, Sezer Sakiner

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted font file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues existed in the handling
of font files. These issues were addressed through improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2016-4691: riusksk(泉哥) of Tencent Security Platform Department

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*Graphics Driver*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Watching a maliciously crafted video may lead to a denial of
service

Description: A denial of service issue existed in the handling of video.
This issue was addressed through improved input validation.

CVE-2016-7665: Moataz El Gaml of Schlumberger, Daniel Schurter of
watson.ch and Marc Ruef of scip AG

[.note]#Entry updated December 15, 2016#

*ICU*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-7594: André Bargull

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*Image Capture*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A malicious HID device may be able to cause arbitrary code
execution

Description: A validation issue existed in the handling of USB image
devices. This issue was addressed through improved input validation.

CVE-2016-4690: Andy Davis of NCC Group

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to leak memory

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed through improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2016-7643: Yangkang (@dnpushme) of Qihoo360 Qex Team

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*IOHIDFamily*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A local application with system privileges may be able to
execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges

Description: A use after free issue was addressed through improved
memory management.

CVE-2016-7591: daybreaker of Minionz

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*IOKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An application may be able to read kernel memory

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2016-7657: Keen Lab working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*IOKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A local user may be able to determine kernel memory layout

Description: A shared memory issue was addressed through improved memory
handling.

CVE-2016-7714: Qidan He (@flanker_hqd) from KeenLab working with Trend
Micro's Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added January 25, 2017#

*JavaScriptCore*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A script executing in a JavaScript sandbox may be able to access
state outside that sandbox

Description: A validation issue existed in processing JavaScript. This
issue was addressed through improved validation.

CVE-2016-4695: Mark S. Miller of Google

[.note]#Entry added August 16, 2017#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges 

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved input validation.

CVE-2016-7606: @cocoahuke, Chen Qin of Topsec Alpha Team (topsec.com)

CVE-2016-7612: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An application may be able to read kernel memory

Description: An insufficient initialization issue was addressed by
properly initializing memory returned to user space.

CVE-2016-7607: Brandon Azad

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A local user may be able to cause a system denial of service

Description: A denial of service issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-7615: The UK's National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC)

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A local user may be able to cause an unexpected system
termination or arbitrary code execution in the kernel

Description: A use after free issue was addressed through improved
memory management.

CVE-2016-7621: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A local user may be able to gain root privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2016-7637: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A local application with system privileges may be able to
execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges

Description: A use after free issue was addressed through improved
memory management.

CVE-2016-7644: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*Kernel*

****Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later,
iPod touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An application may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: A denial of service issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2016-7647: Lufeng Li of Qihoo 360 Vulcan Team

[.note]#Entry added May 17, 2017#

*Kernel*

Available for:  iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A malicious application may gain access to a device's MAC
address

Description: An access issue was addressed through additional sandbox
restrictions on third party applications.

CVE-2016-7766: Jun Yang(杨君) of Tencent's WeiXin Group

[.note]#Entry added May 31, 2017#

*libarchive*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A local attacker may be able to overwrite existing files

Description: A validation issue existed in the handling of symlinks.
This issue was addressed through improved validation of symlinks.

CVE-2016-7619: an anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*Local Authentication*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: The device may not lock the screen after the idle timeout

Description: A logic issue existed in the handling of the idle timer
when the Touch ID prompt is shown. This issue was addressed through
improved handling of the idle timer.

CVE-2016-7601: an anonymous researcher

*Mail*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An email signed with a revoked certificate may appear valid

Description: S/MIME policy failed to check if a certificate was valid.
 This issue was addressed by notifying a user if an email was signed
with a revoked certificate.

CVE-2016-4689: an anonymous researcher

*Media Player*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A user may be able to view photos and contacts from the
lockscreen

Description: A validation issue existed in the handling of media
selection. This issue was addressed through improved validation.

CVE-2016-7653

*Power Management*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A local user may be able to gain root privileges

Description: An issue in mach port name references was addressed through
improved validation.

CVE-2016-7661: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*Profiles*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Opening a maliciously crafted certificate may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue existed in the handling of
certificate profiles. This issue was addressed through improved input
validation.

CVE-2016-7626: Maksymilian Arciemowicz (cxsecurity.com)

*Safari Reader*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Enabling the Safari Reader feature on a maliciously crafted
webpage may lead to universal cross site scripting

Description: Multiple validation issues were addressed through improved
input sanitization.

CVE-2016-7650: Erling Ellingsen

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An attacker may be able to exploit weaknesses in the 3DES
cryptographic algorithm

Description: 3DES was removed as a default cipher.

CVE-2016-4693: Gaëtan Leurent and Karthikeyan Bhargavan from INRIA Paris

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
cause a denial of service

Description: A validation issue existed in the handling of OCSP
responder URLs. This issue was addressed by verifying OCSP revocation
status after CA validation and limiting the number of OCSP requests per
certificate.

CVE-2016-7636: Maksymilian Arciemowicz (cxsecurity.com)

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Certificates may be unexpectedly evaluated as trusted

Description: A certificate evaluation issue existed in certificate
validation. This issue was addressed through additional validation of
certificates.

CVE-2016-7662: Apple

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*SpringBoard*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A person with physical access to an iOS device may be able to
unlock the device

Description: In some cases, a counter issue existed in the handling of
passcode attempts when resetting the passcode. This was addressed
through improved state management.

CVE-2016-4781: an anonymous researcher

*SpringBoard*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A person with physical access to an iOS device may be able to
keep the device unlocked

Description: A cleanup issue existed in the handling of Handoff with
Siri.  This was addressed through improved state management.

CVE-2016-7597: an anonymous researcher

*syslog*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A local user may be able to gain root privileges

Description: An issue in mach port name references was addressed through
improved validation.

CVE-2016-7660: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2016-4692: Apple

CVE-2016-7635: Apple

CVE-2016-7652: Apple

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may result in the
disclosure of process memory

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2016-4743: Alan Cutter

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may result in the
disclosure of user information

Description: A validation issue was addressed through improved state
management.

CVE-2016-7586: Boris Zbarsky

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved state management.

CVE-2016-7587: Adam Klein

CVE-2016-7610: Zheng Huang of the Baidu Security Lab working with Trend
Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2016-7611: an anonymous researcher working with Trend Micro's Zero
Day Initiative

CVE-2016-7639: Tongbo Luo of Palo Alto Networks

CVE-2016-7640: Kai Kang of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab (tencent.com)

CVE-2016-7641: Kai Kang of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab (tencent.com)

CVE-2016-7642: Tongbo Luo of Palo Alto Networks

CVE-2016-7645: Kai Kang of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab (tencent.com)

CVE-2016-7646: Kai Kang of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab (tencent.com)

CVE-2016-7648: Kai Kang of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab (tencent.com)

CVE-2016-7649: Kai Kang of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab (tencent.com)

CVE-2016-7654: Keen Lab working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
state management.

CVE-2016-7589: Apple

CVE-2016-7656: Keen Lab working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may compromise user
information

Description: An issue existed in handling of JavaScript prompts. This
was addressed through improved state management.

CVE-2016-7592: xisigr of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab (tencent.com)

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may result in the
disclosure of process memory

Description: An uninitialized memory access issue was addressed through
improved memory initialization.

CVE-2016-7598: Samuel Groß

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may result in the
disclosure of user information

Description: An issue existed in the handling of HTTP redirects. This
issue was addressed through improved cross origin validation.

CVE-2016-7599: Muneaki Nishimura (nishimunea) of Recruit Technologies
Co., Ltd.

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Visiting a maliciously crafted website may compromise user
information

Description: An issue existed in the handling of blob URLs.  This issue
was addressed through improved URL handling.

CVE-2016-7623: xisigr of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab (tencent.com)

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Visiting a maliciously crafted webpage may lead to an unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
state management.

CVE-2016-7632: Jeonghoon Shin

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2016#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to cross
site scripting

Description: An issue existed in displaying documents in Safari. This
issue was addressed through improved input validation.

CVE-2016-7762: YongShao (Zhiyong Feng from JDSEC 1aq.com‍)

[.note]#Entry added January 24, 2017#

*WebSheet*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A sandboxed process may be able to circumvent sandbox
restrictions

Description: A sandbox escape issue was addressed through additional
restrictions.

CVE-2016-7630: Marco Grassi (@marcograss) of KeenLab (@keen_lab) Tencent
working with Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added January 25, 2017#

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/kb/HT2693[Contact the
vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: August 16, 2017

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 10.2

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT207422/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
