* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 11

This document describes the security content of iOS 11.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss or
confirm security issues until an investigation has taken place and
patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201222[Apple security
updates] page.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201220[Apple Product
Security] page. You can encrypt communications with Apple using
the https://support.apple.com/en-uk/HT201601[Apple Product Security PGP
Key].

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 11

[.note]#Released 19 September 2017#

*802.1X*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker may be able to exploit weaknesses in TLS 1.0

Description: A protocol security issue was addressed by enabling TLS 1.1
and TLS 1.2.

CVE-2017-13832: Doug Wussler of Florida State University

[.note]#Entry added 31 October 2017, updated 10 November 2017#

*APNs*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position could track a user

Description: A privacy issue existed in the use of client certificates.
This issue was addressed through a revised protocol. 

CVE-2017-13863: FURIOUSMAC Team of United States Naval Academy

[.note]#Entry added 21 December 2017#

*Bluetooth*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to access restricted files

Description: A privacy issue existed in the handling of Contact cards.
This was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2017-7131: Dominik Conrads of Federal Office for Information
Security, an anonymous researcher, Anand Kathapurkar of India, Elvis
(@elvisimprsntr)

[.note]#Entry updated 09 October 2017#

*CFNetwork*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-13829: Niklas Baumstark and Samuel Gro working with Trend
Micro's Zero Day Initiative 

CVE-2017-13833: Niklas Baumstark and Samuel Gro working with Trend
Micro's Zero Day Initiative 

[.note]#Entry added 10 November 2017#

*CFNetwork Proxies*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
cause a denial of service

Description: Multiple denial-of-service issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2017-7083: Abhinav Bansal of Zscaler Inc.

[.note]#Entry added 25 September 2017#

*CFString*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitisation.

CVE-2017-13821: Australian Cyber Security Centre – Australian Signals
Directorate

[.note]#Entry added 31 October 2017#

*CoreAudio*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed by updating to Opus
version 1.1.4.

CVE-2017-0381: V.E.O (@VYSEa) of Mobile Threat Research Team, Trend
Micro

[.note]#Entry added 25 September 2017#

*CoreText*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted font file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory consumption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-13825: Australian Cyber Security Centre – Australian Signals
Directorate

[.note]#Entry added 31 October 2017, updated 16 November 2018#

*Exchange ActiveSync*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
erase a device during Exchange account setup

Description: A validation issue existed in AutoDiscover V1.  This was
addressed by requiring TLS for AutoDiscover V1. AutoDiscover V2 is now
supported.

CVE-2017-7088: Ilya Nesterov, Maxim Goncharov

*file*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Multiple issues in file

Description: Multiple issues were addressed by updating to version 5.31.

CVE-2017-13815: found by OSS-Fuzz

[.note]#Entry added 31 October 2017, updated 18 October 2018#

*Fonts*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Rendering untrusted text may lead to spoofing

Description: An inconsistent user interface issue was addressed with
improved state management.

CVE-2017-13828: Leonard Grey and Robert Sesek of Google Chrome

[.note]#Entry added 31 October 2017, updated 10 November 2017#

*Heimdal*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
impersonate a service

Description: A validation issue existed in the handling of the KDC-REP
service name. This issue was addressed through improved validation.

CVE-2017-11103: Jeffrey Altman, Viktor Duchovni and Nico Williams

[.note]#Entry added 25 September 2017#

*HFS*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-13830: Sergej Schumilo of Ruhr-University Bochum

[.note]#Entry added 31 October 2017#

*iBooks*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Parsing a maliciously crafted iBooks file may lead to a
persistent denial of service

Description: Multiple denial-of-service issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2017-7072: Jędrzej Krysztofiak

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2017-13814: Australian Cyber Security Centre – Australian Signals
Directorate

[.note]#Entry added 31 October 2017, updated 16 November 2018#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to a denial of
service

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2017-13831: Glen Carmichael

[.note]#Entry added 31 October 2017, updated 03 April 2019#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-7114: Alex Plaskett of MWR InfoSecurity

[.note]#Entry added 25 September 2017#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to read kernel memory

Description: An out-of-bounds read issue existed that led to the
disclosure of kernel memory. This was addressed through improved input
validation.

CVE-2017-13817: Maxime Villard (m00nbsd)

[.note]#Entry added 31 October 2017#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitisation.

CVE-2017-13818: The UK's National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC)

CVE-2017-13836: Vlad Tsyrklevich

CVE-2017-13841: Vlad Tsyrklevich

CVE-2017-13840: Vlad Tsyrklevich

CVE-2017-13842: Vlad Tsyrklevich

[.note]#Entry added 31 October 2017, updated 18 June 2018#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-13843: an anonymous researcher, an anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry added 31 October 2017#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-13854: shrek_wzw of Qihoo 360 Nirvan Team

[.note]#Entry added 2 November 2017#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a malformed mach binary may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
validation.

CVE-2017-13834: Maxime Villard (m00nbsd)

[.note]#Entry added 10 November 2017#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to learn information about
the presence and operation of other applications on the device.

Description: An application was able to access network activity
information maintained by the operating system unrestricted. This issue
was addressed by reducing the information available to third-party
applications.

CVE-2017-13873: Xiaokuan Zhang and Yinqian Zhang of The Ohio State
University, Xueqiang Wang and XiaoFeng Wang of Indiana University
Bloomington, and Xiaolong Bai of Tsinghua University

[.note]#Entry added 30 November 2017#

*Keyboard Suggestions*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Keyboard autocorrect suggestions may reveal sensitive
information

Description: The iOS keyboard was inadvertently caching sensitive
information. This issue was addressed with improved heuristics.

CVE-2017-7140: Agim Allkanjari of Stream in Motion Inc.

[.note]#Entry updated 09 October 2017#

*libarchive*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Unpacking a maliciously crafted archive may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A buffer overflow issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-13813: found by OSS-Fuzz

CVE-2017-13816: found by OSS-Fuzz

[.note]#Entry added 31 October 2017#

*libarchive*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Unpacking a maliciously crafted archive may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues existed in libarchive.
These issues were addressed through improved input validation.

CVE-2017-13812: found by OSS-Fuzz

[.note]#Entry added 31 October 2017#

*libc*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause a denial-of-service

Description: A resource exhaustion issue in glob() was addressed through
an improved algorithm.

CVE-2017-7086: Russ Cox of Google

[.note]#Entry added 25 September 2017#

*libc*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: A memory consumption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-1000373

[.note]#Entry added 25 September 2017#

*libexpat*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Multiple issues in expat

Description: Multiple issues were addressed by updating to version 2.2.1

CVE-2016-9063

CVE-2017-9233

[.note]#Entry added 25 September 2017#

*libxml2*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted XML may lead to an unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: A buffer overflow issue was addressed with improved memory
handling.

CVE-2017-7376: an anonymous researcher

CVE-2017-5130: an anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry added 18 October 2018#

*libxml2*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted XML may lead to an unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2017-9050: Mateusz Jurczyk (j00ru) of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added 18 October 2018#

*libxml2*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted XML may lead to an unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2017-9049: Wei Lei and Liu Yang - Nanyang Technological University
in Singapore

[.note]#Entry added 18 October 2018#

*libxml2*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted XML may lead to an unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: A null pointer dereference was addressed with improved
validation.

CVE-2018-4302: Gustavo Grieco

[.note]#Entry added 18 October 2018#

*Location Framework*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to read sensitive location
information

Description: A permissions issue existed in the handling of the location
variable. This was addressed with additional ownership checks.

CVE-2017-7148: Igor Makarov from Moovit, Will McGinty and Shawnna
Rodriguez of Bottle Rocket Studios

[.note]#Entry updated 09 October 2017#

*Mail Drafts*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker with a privileged network position may be able to
intercept mail contents

Description: An encryption issue existed in the handling of mail drafts.
This issue was addressed with improved handling of mail drafts meant to
be sent encrypted.

CVE-2017-7078: Petter Flink, Pierre ALBARÈDE from Marseille (France), an
anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry updated 09 October 2017#

*Mail MessageUI*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to a denial of
service

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
validation.

CVE-2017-7097: Xinshu Dong and Jun Hao Tan of Anquan Capital

*Messages*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to a denial of
service

Description: A denial of service issue was addressed through improved
validation.

CVE-2017-7118: Kiki Jiang and Jason Tokoph

*MobileBackup*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Backup may perform an unencrypted backup despite a requirement
to perform only encrypted backups

Description: A permissions issue existed. This issue was addressed with
improved permission validation.

CVE-2017-7133: Don Sparks of HackediOS.com

*Notes*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to leak sensitive user information

Description: The contents of locked notes sometimes appeared in search
results. This issue was addressed through improved data cleanup.

CVE-2017-7075: Richard Will of Marathon Oil Company

[.note]#Entry added 10 November 2017#

*Phone*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A screenshot of secure content may be taken when locking an iOS
device

Description: A timing issue existed in the handling of locking. This
issue was addressed by disabling screenshots while locking.

CVE-2017-7139: an anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry added 25 September 2017#

*Profiles*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Device pairing records could be inadvertently installed on a
device when a profile that disallows pairing is installed

Description: Pairings were not removed when a profile disallowing
pairings was installed. This was addressed by removing pairings
conflicting with the configuration profile.

CVE-2017-13806: Rorie Hood of MWR InfoSecurity

[.note]#Entry added 2 November 2017#

*Quick Look*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitisation.

CVE-2017-13822: Australian Cyber Security Centre – Australian Signals
Directorate

[.note]#Entry added 31 October 2017#

*Quick Look*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Parsing a maliciously crafted office document may lead to an
unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: A memory consumption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-7132: Australian Cyber Security Centre – Australian Signals
Directorate

[.note]#Entry added 31 October 2017#

*Safari*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Visiting a malicious website may lead to address bar spoofing

Description: An inconsistent user interface issue was addressed with
improved state management.

CVE-2017-7085: xisigr of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab (tencent.com)

*Sandbox Profiles*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to learn information about
the presence of other applications on the device.

Description: An application was able to determine the existence of files
outside of its sandbox.  This issue was addressed through additional
sandbox checks.

CVE-2017-13877:  Xiaokuan Zhang and Yinqian Zhang of The Ohio State
University, Xueqiang Wang and XiaoFeng Wang of Indiana University
Bloomington, and Xiaolong Bai of Tsinghua University

[.note]#Entry added 30 November 2017#

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A revoked certificate may be trusted

Description: A certificate validation issue existed in the handling of
revocation data. This issue was addressed through improved validation.

CVE-2017-7080: an anonymous researcher, an anonymous researcher, Sven
Driemecker of adesso mobile solutions gmbh, Rune Darrud
(@theflyingcorpse) of Bærum kommune

[.note]#Entry added 25 September 2017#

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious app may be able to track users between installs

Description: A permission checking issue existed in the handling of an
app's Keychain data. This issue was addressed with improved permission
checking.

CVE-2017-7146: an anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry added 25 September 2017#

*SQLite*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Multiple issues in SQLite

Description: Multiple issues were addressed by updating to version
3.19.3.

CVE-2017-10989: found by OSS-Fuzz

CVE-2017-7128: found by OSS-Fuzz

CVE-2017-7129: found by OSS-Fuzz

CVE-2017-7130: found by OSS-Fuzz

[.note]#Entry added 25 September 2017#

*SQLite*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-7127: an anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry added 25 September 2017#

*Telephony*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, and Wi-Fi + Cellular models of iPad
Air generation and later

Impact: An attacker within range may be able to execute arbitrary code

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-6211: Matthew Spisak of ENDGAME (endgame.com)

[.note]#Entry added 04 December 2017#

*Time*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: "Setting Time Zone" may incorrectly indicate that it is using
location

Description: A permissions issue existed in the process that handles
time zone information. The issue was resolved by modifying permissions.

CVE-2017-7145: Chris Lawrence

[.note]#Entry updated 09 October 2017#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2017-7081: Apple

[.note]#Entry added 25 September 2017#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved memory handling.

CVE-2017-7087: Apple

CVE-2017-7091: Wei Yuan of Baidu Security Lab working with Trend Micro’s
Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-7092: Samuel Gro and Niklas Baumstark working with Trend
Micro's Zero Day Initiative, Qixun Zhao (@S0rryMybad) of Qihoo 360
Vulcan Team

CVE-2017-7093: Samuel Gro and Niklas Baumstark working with Trend
Micro’s Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-7094: Tim Michaud (@TimGMichaud) of Leviathan Security Group

CVE-2017-7095: Wang Junjie, Wei Lei and Liu Yang of Nanyang
Technological University working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-7096: Wei Yuan of Baidu Security Lab

CVE-2017-7098: Felipe Freitas of Instituto Tecnológico de Aeronáutica

CVE-2017-7099: Apple

CVE-2017-7100: Masato Kinugawa and Mario Heiderich of Cure53

CVE-2017-7102: Wang Junjie, Wei Lei, and Liu Yang of Nanyang
Technological University

CVE-2017-7104: likemeng of Baidu Secutity Lab

CVE-2017-7107: Wang Junjie, Wei Lei and Liu Yang of Nanyang
Technological University

CVE-2017-7111: likemeng of Baidu Security Lab (xlab.baidu.com) working
with Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-7117: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-7120: chenqin (陈钦) of Ant-financial Light-Year Security Lab

[.note]#Entry added 25 September 2017#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to universal
cross site scripting

Description: A logic issue existed in the handling of the parent-tab.
This issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2017-7089: Anton Lopanitsyn of ONSEC, Frans Rosén of Detectify

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Cookies belonging to one origin may be sent to another origin

Description: A permissions issue existed in the handling of web browser
cookies. This issue was addressed by no longer returning cookies for
custom URL schemes.

CVE-2017-7090: Apple

[.note]#Entry added 25 September 2017#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Visiting a malicious website may lead to address bar spoofing

Description: An inconsistent user interface issue was addressed with
improved state management.

CVE-2017-7106: Oliver Paukstadt of Thinking Objects GmbH (to.com)

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to a
cross-site scripting attack

Description: Application Cache policy may be unexpectedly applied.

CVE-2017-7109: avlidienbrunn

[.note]#Entry added 25 September 2017#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious website may be able to track users in Safari private
browsing mode

Description: A permissions issue existed in the handling of web browser
cookies. This issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2017-7144: Mohammad Ghasemisharif of UIC’s BITS Lab

[.note]#Entry updated 09 October 2017#

*WebKit Storage*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Website data may persist after a Safari Private browsing session

Description: An information leakage issue existed in the handling of
website data in Safari Private windows. This issue was addressed with
improved data handling.

CVE-2017-7142: Rich Shawn O’Connell, an anonymous researcher, an
anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry added 10 November 2017#

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker within range may be able to execute arbitrary code
on the Wi-Fi chip

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-11120: Gal Beniamini of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-11121: Gal Beniamini of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added 25 September 2017#

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Malicious code executing on the Wi-Fi chip may be able to
execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges on the application
processor

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-7103: Gal Beniamini of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-7105: Gal Beniamini of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-7108: Gal Beniamini of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-7110: Gal Beniamini of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-7112: Gal Beniamini of Google Project Zero

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Malicious code executing on the Wi-Fi chip may be able to
execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges on the application
processor

Description: Multiple race conditions were addressed through improved
validation.

CVE-2017-7115: Gal Beniamini of Google Project Zero

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Malicious code executing on the Wi-Fi chip may be able to read
restricted kernel memory

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitisation.

CVE-2017-7116: Gal Beniamini of Google Project Zero

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A attacker within range may be able to read restricted memory
from the Wi-Fi chipset

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitisation.

CVE-2017-11122: Gal Beniamini of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added 02 October 2017#

*zlib*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Multiple issues in zlib

Description: Multiple issues were addressed by updating to version
1.2.11.

CVE-2016-9840

CVE-2016-9841

CVE-2016-9842

CVE-2016-9843

[.note]#Entry added 25 September 2017#

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== Additional recognition

*LaunchServices*

We would like to acknowledge Mark Zimmermann of EnBW Energie
Baden-Württemberg AG for their assistance.

*Security*

We would like to acknowledge Abhinav Bansal of Zscaler, Inc. for their
assistance.

*Webkit*

We would like to acknowledge xisigr of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab
(tencent.com) for their assistance.

*WebKit*

We would like to acknowledge Rayyan Bijoora (@Bijoora) of The City
School, PAF Chapter for their assistance.

*WebKit Web Inspector*

We would like to acknowledge Ioan Bizău of Bloggify for their
assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT2693[Contact
the vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: August 05, 2020

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 11

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT208112/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
