* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 11.4

This document describes the security content of iOS 11.4.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss or
confirm security issues until an investigation has taken place and
patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201222[Apple security
updates] page.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201220[Apple Product
Security] page. You can encrypt communications with Apple using
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201601[Apple Product Security PGP
Key].

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 11.4

[.note]#Released 29 May 2018#

*Bluetooth*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to elevate privileges

Description: A buffer overflow was addressed with improved size
validation.

CVE-2018-4215: Abraham Masri (@cheesecakeufo)

*Bluetooth*

Available for: iPhone X, iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, iPad 6th generation
and iPad Air 2

Not affected: HomePod

Impact: an attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
intercept Bluetooth traffic

Description: An input validation issue existed in Bluetooth. This issue
was addressed with improved input validation.

CVE-2018-5383: Lior Neumann and Eli Biham

[.note]#Entry added 23 July 2018#

*Contacts*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted vcf file may lead to a denial
of service

Description: A validation issue existed in the handling of phone
numbers. This issue was addressed with improved validation of phone
numbers.

CVE-2018-4100: Abraham Masri (@cheesecakeufo)

*CoreGraphics*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2018-4194: Jihui Lu of Tencent KeenLab, Yu Zhou of Ant-financial
Light-Year Security Lab

[.note]#Entry added 21 June 2018#

*Core Bluetooth*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2018-4330: Apple

[.note]#Entry added 08 August 2018#

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted font file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
validation.

CVE-2018-4211: Proteas of Qihoo 360 Nirvan Team

*iBooks*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
spoof password prompts in iBooks

Description: An input validation issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2018-4202: Jerry Decime

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A buffer overflow was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2018-4241: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

CVE-2018-4243: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: Apple TV 4K and Apple TV (4th generation)

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2018-4249: Kevin Backhouse of Semmle Ltd.

[.note]#Entry added 8 October 2019#

*libxpc*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to gain elevated privileges

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2018-4237: Samuel Groß (@5aelo) working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day
Initiative

*libxpc*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2018-4404: Samuel Groß (@5aelo) working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day
Initiative

[.note]#Entry added 30 October 2018#

*Magnifier*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A person with physical access to an iOS device may be able to
view the last image used in Magnifier from the lock screen

Description: A permissions issue existed in Magnifier.  This was
addressed with additional permission checks.

CVE-2018-4239: an anonymous researcher

*Mail*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker may be able to exfiltrate the contents of
S/MIME-encrypted emails

Description: An issue existed in the handling of encrypted Mail. This
issue was addressed with improved isolation of MIME in Mail.

CVE-2018-4227: Damian Poddebniak of Münster University of Applied
Sciences, Christian Dresen of Münster University of Applied Sciences,
Jens Müller of Ruhr University Bochum, Fabian Ising of Münster
University of Applied Sciences, Sebastian Schinzel of Münster University
of Applied Sciences, Simon Friedberger of KU Leuven, Juraj Somorovsky of
Ruhr University Bochum, Jörg Schwenk of Ruhr University Bochum

*Messages*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to conduct impersonation attacks

Description: An injection issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2018-4235: Anurodh Pokharel of Salesforce.com

*Messages*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted message may lead to a denial of
service

Description: This issue was addressed with improved message validation.

CVE-2018-4240: Sriram (@Sri_Hxor) of PrimeFort Pvt. Ltd

CVE-2018-4250: Metehan Yılmaz of Sesim Sarpkaya

*Safari*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious website may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: A denial-of-service issue was addressed with improved
validation.

CVE-2018-4247: François Renaud, Jesse Viviano of Verizon Enterprise
Solutions

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Users may be tracked by malicious websites using client
certificates

Description: An issue existed in the handling of S-MIME certificates.
This issue was addressed with improved validation of S-MIME
certificates.

CVE-2018-4221: Damian Poddebniak of Münster University of Applied
Sciences, Christian Dresen of Münster University of Applied Sciences,
Jens Müller of Ruhr University Bochum, Fabian Ising of Münster
University of Applied Sciences, Sebastian Schinzel of Münster University
of Applied Sciences, Simon Friedberger of KU Leuven, Juraj Somorovsky of
Ruhr University Bochum, Jörg Schwenk of Ruhr University Bochum

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to read a persistent account identifier

Description: An authorisation issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2018-4223: Abraham Masri (@cheesecakeufo)

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to read a persistent device identifier

Description: An authorisation issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2018-4224: Abraham Masri (@cheesecakeufo)

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to modify the state of the Keychain

Description: An authorisation issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2018-4225: Abraham Masri (@cheesecakeufo)

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to view sensitive user information

Description: An authorisation issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2018-4226: Abraham Masri (@cheesecakeufo)

*Siri*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A person with physical access to an iOS device may be able to
enable Siri from the lock screen

Description: An issue existed with Siri permissions. This was addressed
with improved permission checking.

CVE-2018-4238: Baljinder Singh, Muhammad khizer javed, Onur Can BIKMAZ
(@CanBkmaz) of Mustafa Kemal University

*Siri*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A person with physical access to an iOS device may be able to
use Siri to read notifications of content that is set to not be
displayed on the lock screen

Description: An issue existed with Siri permissions. This was addressed
with improved permission checking.

CVE-2018-4252: Hunter Byrnes, Martin Winkelmann (@Winkelmannnn)

*Siri Contacts*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker with physical access to a device may be able to see
private contact information

Description: An issue existed with Siri permissions. This was addressed
with improved permission checking.

CVE-2018-4244: an anonymous researcher

*UIKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted text file may lead to a denial
of service

Description: A validation issue existed in the handling of text. This
issue was addressed with improved validation of text.

CVE-2018-4198: Hunter Byrnes

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: visiting a malicious website may lead to address bar spoofing

Description: an inconsistent user interface issue was addressed with
improved state management.

CVE-2018-4188: YoKo Kho (@YoKoAcc) of Mitra Integrasi Informatika, PT

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved memory handling.

CVE-2018-4201: an anonymous researcher

CVE-2018-4218: natashenka of Google Project Zero

CVE-2018-4233: Samuel Groß (@5aelo) working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day
Initiative

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A buffer overflow issue was addressed with improved memory
handling.

CVE-2018-4199: Alex Plaskett, Georgi Geshev and Fabi Beterke of MWR Labs
working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry updated 14 June 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Visiting a maliciously crafted website may lead to cookies being
overwritten

Description: A permissions issue existed in the handling of web browser
cookies. This issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2018-4232: an anonymous researcher, Aymeric Chaib

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A race condition was addressed with improved locking.

CVE-2018-4192: Markus Gaasedelen, Amy Burnett and Patrick Biernat of
Ret2 Systems, Inc working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added 8 October 2019#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an
unexpected Safari crash

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2018-4214: found by OSS-Fuzz

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2018-4204: found by OSS-Fuzz, Richard Zhu (fluorescence) working
with Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A type confusion issue was addressed with improved memory
handling.

CVE-2018-4246: found by OSS-Fuzz

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Visiting a maliciously crafted website may leak sensitive data

Description: Credentials were unexpectedly sent when fetching CSS mask
images. This was addressed by using a CORS-enabled fetch method.

CVE-2018-4190: Jun Kokatsu (@shhnjk)

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2018-4222: natashenka of Google Project Zero

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT2693[Contact
the vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: March 16, 2021

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 11.4

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT208848/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
