* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 10.3

This document describes the security content of iOS 10.3.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss or
confirm security issues until an investigation has taken place and
patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201222[Apple security
updates] page.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201220[Apple Product
Security] page. You can encrypt communications with Apple using
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201601[Apple Product Security PGP
Key].

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 10.3

[.note]#Released 27 March 2017#

*Accounts*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A user may be able to view an Apple ID from the lock screen

Description: A prompt management issue was addressed by removing iCloud
authentication prompts from the lock screen.

CVE-2017-2397: Suprovici Vadim of UniApps team, an anonymous researcher

*Audio*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted audio file may lead to
arbitrary code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2017-2430: an anonymous researcher working with Trend Micro’s Zero
Day Initiative

CVE-2017-2462: an anonymous researcher working with Trend Micro’s Zero
Day Initiative

*Carbon*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted .dfont file may lead to
arbitrary code execution

Description: A buffer overflow existed in the handling of font files.
This issue was addressed through improved bounds checking.

CVE-2017-2379: John Villamil, Doyensec, riusksk (泉哥) of Tencent
Security Platform Department

*CoreGraphics*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to a denial of
service

Description: An infinite recursion was addressed through improved state
management.

CVE-2017-2417: riusksk (泉哥) of Tencent Security Platform Department

*CoreGraphics*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved input validation.

CVE-2017-2444: Mei Wang of 360 GearTeam

*CoreText*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted font file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2017-2435: John Villamil, Doyensec

*CoreText*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted font may result in the
disclosure of process memory

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed through improved input
validation.

CVE-2017-2450: John Villamil, Doyensec

*CoreText*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted text message may lead to
application denial of service

Description: A resource exhaustion issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2017-2461: Isaac Archambault of IDAoADI, an anonymous researcher

*DataAccess*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Configuring an Exchange account with a mistyped email address
may resolve to an unexpected server

Description: An input validation issue existed in the handling of
Exchange email addresses. This issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2017-2414: Ilya Nesterov and Maxim Goncharov

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted font file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved input validation.

CVE-2017-2487: riusksk (泉哥) of Tencent Security Platform Department

CVE-2017-2406: riusksk (泉哥) of Tencent Security Platform Department

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Parsing a maliciously crafted font file may lead to an
unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved input validation.

CVE-2017-2407: riusksk (泉哥) of Tencent Security Platform Department

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted font may result in the
disclosure of process memory

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed through improved input
validation.

CVE-2017-2439: John Villamil, Doyensec

*HomeKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Home Control may unexpectedly appear on Control Centre

Description: A state issue existed in the handling of Home Control. This
issue was addressed through improved validation.

CVE-2017-2434: Suyash Narain of India

*HTTPProtocol*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A malicious HTTP/2 server may be able to cause undefined
behaviour

Description: Multiple issues existed in nghttp2 before 1.17.0. These
were addressed by updating nghttp2 to version 1.17.0.

CVE-2017-2428

[.note]#Entry updated 28 March 2017#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2017-2416: Qidan He (何淇丹, @flanker_hqd) of KeenLab, Tencent

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Viewing a maliciously crafted JPEG file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2017-2432: an anonymous researcher working with Trend Micro's Zero
Day Initiative

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted file may lead to an unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2017-2467

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to unexpected
application termination

Description: An out-of-bounds read existed in LibTIFF versions before
4.0.7. This was addressed by updating LibTIFF in ImageIO to version
4.0.7.

CVE-2016-3619

*iTunes Store*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
tamper with iTunes network traffic

Description: Requests to iTunes sandbox web services were sent in
cleartext. This was addressed by enabling HTTPS.

CVE-2017-2412: Richard Shupak (linkedin.com/in/rshupak)

*JavaScriptCore*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed through improved
memory management.

CVE-2017-2491: Apple

[.note]#Entry added 2 May 2017#

*JavaScriptCore*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted web page may lead to universal
cross-site scripting

Description: A prototype issue was addressed through improved logic.

CVE-2017-2492: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry updated 24 April 2017#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2017-2398: Lufeng Li of Qihoo 360 Vulcan Team

CVE-2017-2401: Lufeng Li of Qihoo 360 Vulcan Team

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: an integer overflow was addressed through improved input
validation.

CVE-2017-2440: an anonymous researcher

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with root privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed through improved memory
handling.

CVE-2017-2456: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A use after free issue was addressed through improved
memory management.

CVE-2017-2472: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with kernel privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2017-2473: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: An off-by-one issue was addressed through improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2017-2474: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed through improved locking.

CVE-2017-2478: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A buffer overflow issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2482: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-2483: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with
elevated privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2490: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero, The UK's National Cyber
Security Centre (NCSC)

[.note]#Entry added 31 March 2017#

*Keyboards*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code

Description: A buffer overflow was addressed through improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2017-2458: Shashank (@cyberboyIndia)

*Keychain*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An attacker who is able to intercept TLS connections may be able
to read secrets protected by iCloud Keychain.

Description: In certain circumstances, iCloud Keychain failed to
validate the authenticity of OTR packets. This issue was addressed
through improved validation.

CVE-2017-2448: Alex Radocea of Longterm Security, Inc.

[.note]#Entry updated 30 March 2017#

*libarchive*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A local attacker may be able to change file system permissions
on arbitrary directories

Description: A validation issue existed in the handling of symlinks.
This issue was addressed through improved validation of symlinks.

CVE-2017-2390: Omer Medan of enSilo Ltd

*libc++abi*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Demangling a malicious C++ application may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed through improved
memory management.

CVE-2017-2441

*libxslt*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Multiple vulnerabilities in libxslt

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2017-5029: Holger Fuhrmannek

[.note]#Entry added 28 March 2017#

*Pasteboard*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A person with physical access to an iOS device may read the
pasteboard

Description: The pasteboard was encrypted with a key protected only by
the hardware UID. This issue was addressed by encrypting the pasteboard
with a key protected by the hardware UID and the user's passcode.

CVE-2017-2399

*Phone*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A third-party app can initiate a phone call without user
interaction

Description: An issue existed in iOS, allowing for calls without
prompting.  This issue was addressed by prompting a user to confirm call
initiation.

CVE-2017-2484

*Profiles*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An attacker may be able to exploit weaknesses in the DES
cryptographic algorithm

Description: Support for the 3DES cryptographic algorithm was added to
the SCEP client and DES was deprecated.

CVE-2017-2380: an anonymous researcher

*Quick Look*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Tapping a tel link in a PDF document could trigger a call
without prompting the user

Description: An issue existed when checking the tel URL before
initiating calls. This issue was addressed with the addition of a
confirmation prompt.

CVE-2017-2404: Tuan Anh Ngo (Melbourne, Australia), Christoph Nehring

*Safari*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: visiting a malicious website may lead to address bar spoofing

Description: A state management issue was addressed by disabling text
input until the destination page loads.

CVE-2017-2376: an anonymous researcher, Michal Zalewski of Google Inc,
Muneaki Nishimura (nishimunea) of Recruit Technologies Co., Ltd., Chris
Hlady of Google Inc, an anonymous researcher, Yuyang Zhou of Tencent
Security Platform Department (security.tencent.com)

*Safari*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A local user may be able to discover websites a user has visited
in Private Browsing

Description: An issue existed in SQLite deletion. This issue was
addressed through improved SQLite cleanup.

CVE-2017-2384

*Safari*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may present
authentication sheets over arbitrary websites

Description: A spoofing and denial-of-service issue existed in the
handling of HTTP authentication. This issue was addressed through making
HTTP authentication sheets non-modal.

CVE-2017-2389: ShenYeYinJiu of Tencent Security Response Center, TSRC

*Safari*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Visiting a malicious website by clicking a link may lead to user
interface spoofing

Description: A spoofing issue existed in the handling of FaceTime
prompts. This issue was addressed through improved input validation.

CVE-2017-2453: xisigr of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab (tencent.com)

*Safari Reader*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Enabling the Safari Reader feature on a maliciously crafted web
page may lead to universal cross site scripting

Description: Multiple validation issues were addressed through improved
input sanitisation.

CVE-2017-2393: Erling Ellingsen

*SafariViewController*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Cache state is not properly kept in sync between Safari and
SafariViewController when a user clears Safari cache

Description: An issue existed in clearing Safari cache information from
SafariViewController.  This issue was addressed by improving cache state
handling.

CVE-2017-2400: Abhinav Bansal of Zscaler, Inc.

*Sandbox Profiles*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, and
iPod touch 6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to access the iCloud user
record of a signed-in user

Description: An access issue was addressed through additional sandbox
restrictions on third-party applications.

CVE-2017-6976: George Dan (@theninjaprawn)

[.note]#Entry added 1 August 2017#

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Validating empty signatures with SecKeyRawVerify() may
unexpectedly succeed

Description: A validation issue existed with cryptographic API calls.
This issue was addressed through improved parameter validation.

CVE-2017-2423: an anonymous researcher

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with root
privileges

Description: A buffer overflow was addressed through improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2017-2451: Alex Radocea of Longterm Security, Inc.

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted x509 certificate may lead to
arbitrary code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue existed in the parsing of
certificates. This issue was addressed through improved input
validation.

CVE-2017-2485: Aleksandar Nikolic of Cisco Talos

*Siri*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Siri may reveal text message contents while the device is locked

Description: An insufficient locking issue was addressed with improved
state management.

CVE-2017-2452: Hunter Byrnes

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Dragging and dropping a maliciously crafted link may lead to
bookmark spoofing or arbitrary code execution

Description: A validation issue existed in bookmark creation. This issue
was addressed through improved input validation.

CVE-2017-2378: xisigr of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab (tencent.com)

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: visiting a malicious website may lead to address bar spoofing

Description: An inconsistent user interface issue was addressed through
improved state management.

CVE-2017-2486: redrain of light4freedom

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may exfiltrate data
cross-origin

Description: A prototype access issue was addressed through improved
exception handling.

CVE-2017-2386: André Bargull

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved input validation.

CVE-2017-2394: Apple

CVE-2017-2396: Apple

CVE-2016-9642: Gustavo Grieco

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2017-2395: Apple

CVE-2017-2454: Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero, Zheng Huang of the
Baidu Security Lab working with Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2017-2455: Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-2457: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-2459: Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-2460: Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-2464: Jeonghoon Shin, natashenka of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-2465: Zheng Huang and Wei Yuan of Baidu Security Lab

CVE-2017-2466: Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-2468: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-2469: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-2470: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-2476: Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-2481: 0011 working with Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry updated 20 June 2017#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A type confusion issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2415: Kai Kang of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab (tentcent.com)

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to
unexpectedly unenforced Content Security Policy

Description: An access issue existed in Content Security Policy.  This
issue was addressed through improved access restrictions.

CVE-2017-2419: Nicolai Grødum of Cisco Systems

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to high
memory consumption

Description: An uncontrolled resource consumption issue was addressed
through improved regex processing.

CVE-2016-9643: Gustavo Grieco

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may result in the
disclosure of process memory

Description: An information disclosure issue existed in the processing
of OpenGL shaders. This issue was addressed through improved memory
management.

CVE-2017-2424: Paul Thomson (using the GLFuzz tool) of the Multicore
Programming Group, Imperial College London

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2017-2433: Apple

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may exfiltrate data
cross-origin

Description: Multiple validation issues existed in the handling of page
loading. This issue was addressed through improved logic.

CVE-2017-2364: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: A malicious website may exfiltrate data cross-origin

Description: A validation issue existed in the handling of page loading.
This issue was addressed through improved logic.

CVE-2017-2367: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to universal
cross site scripting

Description: A logic issue existed in the handling of frame objects.
This issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2017-2445: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A logic issue existed in the handling of strict mode
functions. This issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2017-2446: natashenka of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Visiting a maliciously crafted website may compromise user
information

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
memory handling.

CVE-2017-2447: natashenka of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed through
improved memory handling.

CVE-2017-2463: Kai Kang (4B5F5F4B) of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab (tencent.com)
working with Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added 28 March 2017#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed through improved
memory management.

CVE-2017-2471: Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to universal
cross site scripting

Description: A logic issue existed in frame handling. This issue was
addressed through improved state management.

CVE-2017-2475: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may exfiltrate data
cross-origin

Description: A validation issue existed in element handling. This issue
was addressed through improved validation.

CVE-2017-2479: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added 28 March 2017#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may exfiltrate data
cross-origin

Description: A validation issue existed in element handling. This issue
was addressed through improved validation.

CVE-2017-2480: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

CVE-2017-2493: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry updated 24 April 2017#

*WebKit JavaScript Bindings*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may exfiltrate data
cross-origin

Description: Multiple validation issues existed in the handling of page
loading. This issue was addressed through improved logic.

CVE-2017-2442: lokihardt of Google Project Zero

*WebKit Web Inspector*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Closing a window while paused in the debugger may lead to
unexpected application termination

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2017-2377: Vicki Pfau

*WebKit Web Inspector*

Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod
touch 6th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

CVE-2017-2405: Apple

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== Additional recognition

*XNU*

We would like to acknowledge Lufeng Li of Qihoo 360 Vulcan Team for
their assistance.

*WebKit*

We would like to acknowledge Yosuke HASEGAWA of Secure Sky Technology
Inc. for their assistance.

*Safari*

We would like to acknowledge Flyin9 (ZhenHui Lee) for their assistance.

*Settings*

We would like to acknowledge Adi Sharabani and Yair Amit of Skycure for
their assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT2693[Contact
the vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: March 16, 2021

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 10.3

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT207617/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
