* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 12

This document describes the security content of iOS 12.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or
confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches
or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222[Apple security updates] page.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201220[Apple Product Security] page.
You can encrypt communications with Apple using
the https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201601[Apple Product Security PGP
Key].

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 12

[.note]#Released September 17, 2018#

*Accounts*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local app may be able to read a persistent account identifier

Description: This issue was addressed with improved entitlements.

CVE-2018-4322: Min (Spark) Zheng, Xiaolong Bai of Alibaba Inc.

*Auto Unlock*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to access local users
AppleIDs

Description: A validation issue existed in the entitlement verification.
This issue was addressed with improved validation of the process
entitlement.

CVE-2018-4321: Min (Spark) Zheng, Xiaolong Bai of Alibaba Inc.

[.note]#Entry added September 24, 2018#

*Bluetooth*

Available for: iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7
Plus, iPad Mini 4, 12.9-inch iPad Pro 1st generation, 12.9-inch iPad Pro
2nd generation, 10.5-inch iPad Pro, 9.7-inch iPad Pro, iPad 5th
generation, and iPod Touch 6th generation

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
intercept Bluetooth traffic

Description: An input validation issue existed in Bluetooth. This issue
was addressed with improved input validation.

CVE-2018-5383: Lior Neumann and Eli Biham

*CFNetwork*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2018-4126: Bruno Keith (@bkth_) working with Trend Micro's Zero Day
Initiative

[.note]#Entry added October 30, 2018#

*CoreFoundation*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to elevate privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2018-4412: The UK's National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC)

[.note]#Entry added October 30, 2018#

*CoreFoundation*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to gain elevated privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2018-4414: The UK's National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC)

[.note]#Entry added October 30, 2018#

*CoreMedia*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An app may be able to learn information about the current camera
view before being granted camera access

Description: A permissions issue existed. This issue was addressed with
improved permission validation.

CVE-2018-4356: an anonymous researcher

*CoreText*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted text file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2018-4347: Vasyl Tkachuk of Readdle

[.note]#Entry added October 30, 2018, updated December 13, 2018#

*Crash Reporter*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitization.

CVE-2018-4333: Brandon Azad

[.note]#Entry added September 24, 2018#

*dyld*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to modify protected parts of
the file system

Description: A configuration issue was addressed with additional
restrictions.

CVE-2018-4433: Vitaly Cheptsov

[.note]#Entry updated January 22, 2019#

*Grand Central Dispatch*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2018-4426: Brandon Azad

[.note]#Entry added October 30, 2018#

*Heimdal*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2018-4331: Brandon Azad

CVE-2018-4332: Brandon Azad

CVE-2018-4343: Brandon Azad

[.note]#Entry added October 30, 2018#

*iBooks*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Parsing a maliciously crafted iBooks file may lead to disclosure
of user information

Description: A configuration issue was addressed with additional
restrictions.

CVE-2018-4355: evi1m0 of bilibili security team

[.note]#Entry added October 30, 2018#

*IOHIDFamily*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with kernel privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2018-4408: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added October 30, 2018, updated September 17, 2019#

*IOKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to break out of its sandbox

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2018-4341: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

CVE-2018-4354: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added October 30, 2018#

*IOKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2018-4383: Apple

[.note]#Entry added October 30, 2018#

*IOMobileFrameBuffer*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitization.

CVE-2018-4335: Brandon Azad

*IOUserEthernet*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2018-4401: Apple

[.note]#Entry added October 30, 2018#

*iTunes Store*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
spoof password prompts in the iTunes Store

Description: An input validation issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2018-4305: Jerry Decime

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: An input validation issue existed in the kernel. This issue
was addressed with improved input validation.

CVE-2018-4363: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2018-4336: Brandon Azad

CVE-2018-4337: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

CVE-2018-4340: Mohamed Ghannam (@_simo36)

CVE-2018-4344: The UK's National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC)

CVE-2018-4425: cc working with Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative, Juwei
Lin (@panicaII) of Trend Micro working with Trend Micro's Zero Day
Initiative

[.note]#Entry added September 24, 2018, updated October 30, 2018#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to leak sensitive user
information

Description: An access issue existed with privileged API calls. This
issue was addressed with additional restrictions.

CVE-2018-4399: Fabiano Anemone (@anoane)

[.note]#Entry added October 30, 2018#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
execute arbitrary code

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
validation.

CVE-2018-4407: Kevin Backhouse of Semmle Ltd.

[.note]#Entry added October 30, 2018#

*mDNSOffloadUserClient*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2018-4326: an anonymous researcher working with Trend Micro's Zero
Day Initiative, Zhuo Liang of Qihoo 360 Nirvan Team

[.note]#Entry added October 30, 2018#

*MediaRemote*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A sandboxed process may be able to circumvent sandbox
restrictions

Description: An access issue was addressed with additional sandbox
restrictions.

CVE-2018-4310: CodeColorist of Ant-Financial LightYear Labs

[.note]#Entry added October 30, 2018#

*Messages*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to discover a user’s deleted messages

Description: A consistency issue existed in the handling of application
snapshots. The issue was addressed with improved handling of message
deletions.

CVE-2018-4313: 11 anonymous researchers, David Scott, Enes Mert Ulu of
Abdullah Mürşide Özünenek Anadolu Lisesi - Ankara/Türkiye, Mehmet Ferit
Daştan of Van Yüzüncü Yıl University, Metin Altug Karakaya of Kaliptus
Medical Organization, Vinodh Swami of Western Governor's University
(WGU)

*Notes*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to discover a user’s deleted notes

Description: A consistency issue existed in the handling of application
snapshots. The issue was addressed with improved handling of notes
deletions.

CVE-2018-4352: Utku Altinkaynak

[.note]#Entry updated October 30, 2018#

*Safari*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to discover websites a user has visited

Description: A consistency issue existed in the handling of application
snapshots. The issue was addressed with improved handling of application
snapshots.

CVE-2018-4313: 11 anonymous researchers, David Scott, Enes Mert Ulu of
Abdullah Mürşide Özünenek Anadolu Lisesi - Ankara/Türkiye, Mehmet Ferit
Daştan of Van Yüzüncü Yıl University, Metin Altug Karakaya of Kaliptus
Medical Organization, Vinodh Swami of Western Governor's University
(WGU)

*Safari*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A user may be unable to delete browsing history items

Description: Clearing a history item may not clear visits with redirect
chains. The issue was addressed with improved data deletion.

CVE-2018-4329: Hugo S. Diaz (coldpointblue)

*Safari*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious website may be able to exfiltrate autofilled data in
Safari

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2018-4307: Rafay Baloch of Pakistan Telecommunications Authority

*SafariViewController*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Visiting a malicious website may lead to address bar spoofing

Description: An inconsistent user interface issue was addressed with
improved state management.

CVE-2018-4362: Jun Kokatsu (@shhnjk)

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2018-4395: Patrick Wardle of Digita Security

[.note]#Entry added October 30, 2018#

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker may be able to exploit weaknesses in the RC4
cryptographic algorithm

Description: This issue was addressed by removing RC4.

CVE-2016-1777: Pepi Zawodsky

*Status Bar*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A person with physical access to an iOS device may be able to
determine the last used app from the lock screen

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2018-4325: Brian Adeloye

*Symptom Framework*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2018-4203: Bruno Keith (@bkth_) working with Trend Micro's Zero Day
Initiative

[.note]#Entry added October 30, 2018#

*Text*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted text file may lead to a denial
of service

Description: A denial of service issue was addressed with improved
validation.

CVE-2018-4304: jianan.huang (@Sevck)

[.note]#Entry added October 30, 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious website may be able to execute scripts in the
context of another website

Description: A cross-site scripting issue existed in Safari. This issue
was addressed with improved URL validation.

CVE-2018-4309: an anonymous researcher working with Trend Micro's Zero
Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added September 24, 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Unexpected interaction causes an ASSERT failure

Description: A memory consumption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2018-4361: found by OSS-Fuzz

CVE-2018-4474: found by OSS-Fuzz

[.note]#Entry added September 24, 2018, updated January 22, 2019#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Cross-origin SecurityErrors includes the accessed frame’s origin

Description: The issue was addressed by removing origin information.

CVE-2018-4311: Erling Alf Ellingsen (@steike)

[.note]#Entry added September 24, 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved memory handling.

CVE-2018-4299: Samuel Groβ (saelo) working with Trend Micro's Zero Day
Initiative

CVE-2018-4323: Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero

CVE-2018-4328: Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero

CVE-2018-4358: @phoenhex team (@bkth_ @5aelo @_niklasb) working with
Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2018-4359: Samuel Groß (@5aelo)

CVE-2018-4360: William Bowling (@wcbowling)

[.note]#Entry added September 24, 2018, updated October 30, 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious website may cause unexepected cross-origin behavior

Description: A cross-origin issue existed with iframe elements. This was
addressed with improved tracking of security origins.

CVE-2018-4319: John Pettitt of Google

[.note]#Entry added September 24, 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2018-4316: crixer, Hanming Zhang (@4shitak4) of Qihoo 360 Vulcan
Team

[.note]#Entry added September 24, 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Unexpected interaction causes an ASSERT failure

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
validation.

CVE-2018-4191: found by OSS-Fuzz

[.note]#Entry added September 24, 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious website may exfiltrate image data cross-origin

Description: A cross-site scripting issue existed in Safari. This issue
was addressed with improved URL validation.

CVE-2018-4345: Jun Kokatsu (@shhnjk)

[.note]#Entry added September 24, 2018, updated December 13, 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2018-4315: Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero

CVE-2018-4197: Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero

CVE-2018-4312: Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero

CVE-2018-4306: Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero

CVE-2018-4318: Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero

CVE-2018-4317: Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero

CVE-2018-4314: Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added September 24, 2018#

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== Additional recognition

*APFS*

We would like to acknowledge Umang Raghuvanshi for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2018#

*Assets*

We would like to acknowledge Brandon Azad for their assistance.

*configd*

We would like to acknowledge Sabri Haddouche (@pwnsdx) of Wire Swiss
GmbH for their assistance.

*Core Data*

We would like to acknowledge Andreas Kurtz (@aykay) of NESO Security
Labs GmbH for their assistance.

*CoreSymbolication*

We would like to acknowledge Brandon Azad for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2018#

*Exchange ActiveSync*

We would like to acknowledge an anonymous researcher, Jesse Thompson of
University of Wisconsin-Madison for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry updated January 22, 2019#

*Feedback Assistant*

We would like to acknowledge Marco Grassi (@marcograss) of KeenLab
(@keen_lab) Tencent working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative for
their assistance.

*Kernel*

We would like to acknowledge Brandon Azad for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2018#

*Mail*

We would like to acknowledge Alessandro Avagliano of Rocket Internet SE,
Gunnar Diepenbruck, and Zbyszek Żółkiewski for their assistance.

*MediaRemote*

We would like to acknowledge Brandon Azad for their assistance.

*Quick Look*

We would like to acknowledge lokihardt of Google Project Zero for their
assistance.

[.note]#Entry added December 13, 2018#

*Safari*

We would like to acknowledge Marcel Manz of SIMM-Comm GmbH and Vlad
Galbin for their assistance.

*Sandbox Profiles*

We would like to acknowledge Tencent Keen Security Lab working with
Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative for their assistance.

*Security*

We would like to acknowledge Christoph Sinai, Daniel Dudek
(@dannysapples) of The Irish Times and Filip Klubička (@lemoncloak) of
ADAPT Centre, Dublin Institute of Technology, Horatiu Graur of
SoftVision, Istvan Csanady of Shapr3D, Omar Barkawi of ITG Software,
Inc., Phil Caleno, Wilson Ding, an anonymous researcher for their
assistance.

[.note]#Entry updated June 24, 2019#

*SQLite*

We would like to acknowledge Andreas Kurtz (@aykay) of NESO Security
Labs GmbH for their assistance.

*Status Bar*

We would like to acknowledge Ju Zhu of Meituan and Moony Li and Lilang
Wu of Trend Micro for their assistance.

*WebKit*

We would like to acknowledge Cary Hartline, Hanming Zhang from 360
Vuclan team, Tencent Keen Security Lab working with Trend Micro's Zero
Day Initiative, and Zach Malone of CA Technologies for their assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/kb/HT2693[Contact the
vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: September 17, 2019

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 12

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT209106/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
