* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 11.3

This document describes the security content of iOS 11.3.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss or
confirm security issues until an investigation has taken place and
patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201222[Apple security
updates] page.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201220[Apple Product
Security] page. You can encrypt communications with Apple using
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201601[Apple Product Security PGP
Key].

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 11.3

[.note]#Released 29 March 2018#

*Apple TV App*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
spoof password prompts in the Apple TV App

Description: An input validation issue was addressed through improved
input validation.

****CVE-2018-4177: Jerry Decime

[.note]#Entry added 13 April 2018#

*Clock*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A person with physical access to an iOS device may be able to
see the email address used for iTunes

Description: An information disclosure issue existed in the handling of
alarms and timers. This issue was addressed with improved access
restrictions.

CVE-2018-4123: Zaheen Hafzar M M (@zaheenhafzer)

[.note]#Entry updated 16 November 2018#

*CoreFoundation*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to gain elevated privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed with additional validation.

CVE-2018-4155: Samuel Groß (@5aelo)

CVE-2018-4158: Samuel Groß (@5aelo)

*CoreText*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted string may lead to a denial of
service

Description: A denial of service issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2018-4142: Robin Leroy of Google Switzerland GmbH

[.note]#Entry updated 16 November 2018#

*LinkPresentation*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Visiting a malicious website may lead to address bar spoofing

Description: An inconsistent user interface issue was addressed with
improved state management.

CVE-2018-4390: Rayyan Bijoora (@Bijoora) of The City School, PAF Chapter

CVE-2018-4391: Rayyan Bijoora (@Bijoora) of The City School, PAF Chapter

[.note]#Entry added 30 October 2018, updated 16 November 2018#

*File System Events*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to gain elevated privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed with additional validation.

CVE-2018-4167: Samuel Groß (@5aelo)

*Files Widget*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: File Widget may display contents on a locked device

Description: The File Widget was displaying cached data when in the
locked state. This issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2018-4168: Brandon Moore

*Find My iPhone*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A person with physical access to the device may be able to
disable Find My iPhone without entering an iCloud password

Description: A state management issue existed when restoring from a back
up. This issue was addressed through improved state checking during
restore.

CVE-2018-4172: Viljami Vastamäki

*iCloud Drive*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to gain elevated privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed with additional validation.

CVE-2018-4151: Samuel Groß (@5aelo)

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with kernel privileges

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved memory handling.

CVE-2018-4150: an anonymous researcher

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitisation.

CVE-2018-4104: The UK's National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC)

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2018-4143: derrek (@derrekr6)

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to determine kernel memory
layout

Description: An information disclosure issue existed in the transition
of programme state. This issue was addressed with improved state
handling.

CVE-2018-4185: Brandon Azad

[.note]#Entry added 19 July 2018#

*libxml2*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an
unexpected Safari crash

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2017-15412: Nick Wellnhofer

[.note]#Entry added 18 October 2018#

*LinkPresentation*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Visiting a malicious website may lead to address bar spoofing

Description: An inconsistent user interface issue was addressed with
improved state management.

CVE-2018-4390: Rayyan Bijoora (@Bijoora) of The City School, PAF Chapter

CVE-2018-4391: Rayyan Bijoora (@Bijoora) of The City School, PAF Chapter

[.note]#Entry added 30 October 2018#

*LinkPresentation*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted text message may lead to UI
spoofing

Description: A spoofing issue existed in the handling of URLs. This
issue was addressed with improved input validation.

CVE-2018-4187: Roman Mueller (@faker_), Zhiyang Zeng (@Wester) of
Tencent Security Platform Department

[.note]#Entry added 17 September 2019#

*Mail*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
intercept the contents of S/MIME-encrypted e-mail

Description: An inconsistent user interface issue was addressed with
improved state management.

CVE-2018-4174: John McCombs of Integrated Mapping Ltd, McClain Looney of
LoonSoft Inc.

[.note]#Entry updated 13 April 2018#

*NSURLSession*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to gain elevated privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed with additional validation.

CVE-2018-4166: Samuel Groß (@5aelo)

*PluginKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to gain elevated privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed with additional validation.

CVE-2018-4156: Samuel Groß (@5aelo)

*Quick Look*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to gain elevated privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed with additional validation.

CVE-2018-4157: Samuel Groß (@5aelo)

*Safari*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Visiting a malicious website by clicking a link may lead to user
interface spoofing

Description: An inconsistent user interface issue was addressed with
improved state management.

CVE-2018-4134: xisigr of Tencent's Xuanwu Lab (tencent.com), Zhiyang
Zeng (@Wester) of Tencent Security Platform Department

*Safari Login AutoFill*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious website may be able to exfiltrate autofilled data in
Safari without explicit user interaction.

Description: Safari autofill did not require explicit user interaction
before taking place. The issue was addressed with improved autofill
heuristics.

CVE-2018-4137

[.note]#Entry updated 16 November 2018#

*SafariViewController*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Visiting a malicious website may lead to user interface spoofing

Description: A state management issue was addressed by disabling text
input until the destination page loads.

CVE-2018-4149: Abhinash Jain (@abhinashjain)

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to elevate privileges

Description: A buffer overflow was addressed with improved size
validation.

CVE-2018-4144: Abraham Masri (@cheesecakeufo)

*Status Bar*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to access the microphone
without indication to the user

Description: A consistency issue existed in deciding when to show the
microphone use indicator. The issue was resolved with improved
capability validation.

CVE-2018-4173: Joshua Pokotilow of pingmd

[.note]#Entry added 09 April 2018#

*Storage*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to gain elevated privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed with additional validation.

CVE-2018-4154: Samuel Groß (@5aelo)

*System Preferences*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A configuration profile may incorrectly remain in effect after
removal

Description: An issue existed in CFPreferences. This issue was addressed
with improved preferences cleanup.

CVE-2018-4115: Johann Thalakada, Vladimir Zubkov, and Matt Vlasach of
Wandera

[.note]#Entry updated 16 November 2018#

*Telephony*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A remote attacker can cause a device to unexpectedly restart

Description: A null pointer dereference issue existed when handling
Class 0 SMS messages. This issue was addressed with improved message
validation.

CVE-2018-4140: @mjonsson, Arjan van der Oest of Voiceworks BV

[.note]#Entry updated 16 November 2018#

*Telephony*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, and Wi-Fi + Cellular models of iPad
Air and later

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to execute arbitrary code

Description: Multiple buffer overflows were addressed with improved
input validation.

CVE-2018-4148: Nico Golde of Comsecuris UG

[.note]#Entry added 30 March 2018#

*Web App*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Cookies may unexpectedly persist in web app

Description: A cookie management issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2018-4110: Ben Compton and Jason Colley of Cerner Corporation

[.note]#Entry updated 16 November 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved memory handling.

CVE-2018-4101: Yuan Deng of Ant-financial Light-Year Security Lab

CVE-2018-4114: found by OSS-Fuzz

CVE-2018-4118: Jun Kokatsu (@shhnjk)

CVE-2018-4119: an anonymous researcher working with Trend Micro's Zero
Day Initiative

CVE-2018-4120: Hanming Zhang (@4shitak4) of Qihoo 360 Vulcan Team

CVE-2018-4121: Natalie Silvanovich of Google Project Zero

CVE-2018-4122: WanderingGlitch of Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2018-4125: WanderingGlitch of Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2018-4127: an anonymous researcher working with Trend Micro's Zero
Day Initiative

CVE-2018-4128: Zach Markley

CVE-2018-4129: likemeng of Baidu Security Lab working with Trend Micro's
Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2018-4130: Omair working with Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2018-4161: WanderingGlitch of Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2018-4162: WanderingGlitch of Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2018-4163: WanderingGlitch of Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2018-4165: Hanming Zhang (@4shitak4) of Qihoo 360 Vulcan Team

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Unexpected interaction with indexing types causing an ASSERT
failure

Description: An array indexing issue existed in the handling of a
function in javascript core. This issue was addressed through improved
checks

CVE-2018-4113: found by OSS-Fuzz

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to a denial
of service

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved
input validation

CVE-2018-4146: found by OSS-Fuzz

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious website may exfiltrate data cross-origin

Description: A cross-origin issue existed with the fetch API. This was
addressed through improved input validation.

CVE-2018-4117: an anonymous researcher, an anonymous researcher

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Unexpected interaction causes an ASSERT failure

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2018-4207: found by OSS-Fuzz

[.note]#Entry added 2 May 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Unexpected interaction causes an ASSERT failure

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2018-4208: found by OSS-Fuzz

[.note]#Entry added 2 May 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Unexpected interaction causes an ASSERT failure

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2018-4209: found by OSS-Fuzz

[.note]#Entry added 2 May 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Unexpected interaction with indexing types caused a failure

Description: An array indexing issue existed in the handling of a
function in javascript core. This issue was addressed with improved
checks.

CVE-2018-4210: found by OSS-Fuzz

[.note]#Entry added 2 May 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Unexpected interaction causes an ASSERT failure

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2018-4212: found by OSS-Fuzz

[.note]#Entry added 2 May 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Unexpected interaction causes an ASSERT failure

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2018-4213: found by OSS-Fuzz

[.note]#Entry added 2 May 2018#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to code
execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved memory handling.

CVE-2018-4145: found by OSS-Fuzz

[.note]#Entry added 18 October 2018#

*WindowServer*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An unprivileged application may be able to log keystrokes
entered into other applications even when secure input mode is enabled

Description: By scanning key states, an unprivileged application could
log keystrokes entered into other applications even when secure input
mode was enabled. This issue was addressed by improved state management.

CVE-2018-4131: Andreas Hegenberg of folivora.AI GmbH

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== Additional recognition

*Mail*

We would like to acknowledge Sabri Haddouche (@pwnsdx) from Wire Swiss
GmbH for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 21 June 2018#

*Security*

We would like to acknowledge Abraham Masri (@cheesecakeufo) for their
assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 13 April 2018#

*WebKit*

We would like to acknowledge Johnny Nipper of Tinder Security Team for
their assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT2693[Contact
the vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: August 05, 2020

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 11.3

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT208693/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
