* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5

This document describes the security content of iOS 14.5 and iPadOS
14.5.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss or
confirm security issues until an investigation has taken place and
patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201222[Apple security
updates] page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201220[Apple Product
Security] page.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5

[.note]#Released: 26 April 2021#

*Accessibility*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a person with physical access to an iOS device may be able to
access notes from the Lock Screen

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-1835: videosdebarraquito

*App Store*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
alter network traffic

Description: a certificate validation issue was addressed.

CVE-2021-1837: Aapo Oksman of Nixu Cybersecurity

*Apple Neural Engine*

Available for: iPhone 8 and later, iPad Pro (3rd generation) and later,
and iPad Air (3rd generation) and later

Impact: a malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with kernel privileges

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-1867: Zuozhi Fan (@pattern_F_) and Wish Wu (吴潍浠) of Ant
Group Tianqiong Security Lab

*AppleMobileFileIntegrity*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to bypass Privacy
preferences

Description: an issue in code signature validation was addressed with
improved checks.

CVE-2021-1849: Siguza

*Assets*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local user may be able to create or modify privileged files

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2021-1836: an anonymous researcher

*Audio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
validation.

CVE-2021-1808: JunDong Xie of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

*Audio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted audio file may lead to
arbitrary code execution

Description: a memory consumption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2021-30742: Mickey Jin of Trend Micro working with Trend Micro Zero
Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added 21 July 2021 #

*CFNetwork*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may disclose
sensitive user information

Description: a memory initialisation issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2021-1857: an anonymous researcher

*Compression*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-30752: Ye Zhang (@co0py_Cat) of Baidu Security

[.note]#Entry added: 28 May 2021#

*CoreAudio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted file may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: an out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2021-30664: JunDong Xie of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added: 28 May 2021#

*CoreAudio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted file may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: an out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2021-30664: JunDong Xie of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added: 6 May 2021#

*CoreAudio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted audio file may disclose
restricted memory

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-1846: JunDong Xie of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

*CoreAudio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
validation.

CVE-2021-1809: JunDong Xie of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

*CoreFoundation*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to leak sensitive user
information

Description: a validation issue was addressed with improved logic.

CVE-2021-30659: Thijs Alkemade of Computest

*Core Motion*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with system privileges

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2021-1812: Siddharth Aeri (@b1n4r1b01)

[.note]#Entry added: 28 May 2021#

*CoreText*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted font may result in the
disclosure of process memory

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-1811: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

*FaceTime*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: muting a CallKit call while ringing may not result in mute being
enabled

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-1872: Siraj Zaneer of Facebook

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted font file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-1881: an anonymous researcher, Xingwei Lin of Ant Security
Light-Year Lab, Mickey Jin of Trend Micro and Hou JingYi (@hjy79425575)
of Qihoo 360

*Foundation*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to gain elevated privileges

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
validation.

CVE-2021-1882: Gabe Kirkpatrick (@gabe_k)

*Foundation*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to gain root privileges

Description: a validation issue was addressed with improved logic.

CVE-2021-1813: Cees Elzinga

*GPU Drivers*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to determine kernel memory
layout

Description: an access issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2021-30656: Justin Sherman of University of Maryland, Baltimore
County

*Heimdal*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted server messages may lead to heap
corruption

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-1883: Gabe Kirkpatrick (@gabe_k)

*Heimdal*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a remote attacker may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: a race condition was addressed with improved locking.

CVE-2021-1884: Gabe Kirkpatrick (@gabe_k)

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds write was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-30743: CFF of Topsec Alpha Team, Ye Zhang (@co0py_Cat) of Baidu
Security and Jeonghoon Shin (@singi21a) of THEORI working with Trend
Micro Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added: 28 May 2021#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-1885: CFF of Topsec Alpha Team

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30653: Ye Zhang of Baidu Security

CVE-2021-1843: Ye Zhang of Baidu Security

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2021-1858: Mickey Jin of Trend Micro

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted file may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30764: Anonymous working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2021-30662: Anonymous working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative,
Jzhu working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added 21 July 2021 #

*iTunes Store*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an attacker with JavaScript execution may be able to execute
arbitrary code

Description: a use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2021-1864: CodeColorist of Ant-Financial Light-Year Lab

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local user may be able to read kernel memory

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-1877: Zuozhi Fan (@pattern_F_) of Ant Group Tianqiong Security
Lab

CVE-2021-1852: Zuozhi Fan (@pattern_F_) of Ant Group Tianqiong Security
Lab

CVE-2021-1830: Tielei Wang of Pangu Lab

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-1874: Zuozhi Fan (@pattern_F_) of Ant Group Tianqiong Security
Lab

CVE-2021-1851: @0xalsr

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to disclose kernel memory

Description: a memory initialisation issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2021-1860: @0xalsr

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with kernel privileges

Description: a buffer overflow was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-1816: Tielei Wang of Pangu Lab

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: copied files may not have the expected file permissions

Description: the issue was addressed with improved permissions logic.

CVE-2021-1832: an anonymous researcher

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to disclose kernel memory

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-30660: Alex Plaskett

*libxpc*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to gain root privileges

Description: a race condition was addressed with additional validation.

CVE-2021-30652: James Hutchins

*libxslt*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted file may lead to heap
corruption

Description: a double free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2021-1875: found by OSS-Fuzz

*MobileAccessoryUpdater*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to gain elevated privileges

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-1833: Cees Elzinga

[.note]#Entry added: 28 May 2021#

*MobileInstallation*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local user may be able to modify protected parts of the file
system

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2021-1822: Bruno Virlet of The Grizzly Labs

*Password Manager*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a user's password may be visible onscreen

Description: an issue obscuring passwords in screenshots was addressed
with improved logic.

CVE-2021-1865: Shibin B Shaji of UST

*Preferences*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local user may be able to modify protected parts of the file
system

Description: a parsing issue in the handling of directory paths was
addressed with improved path validation.

CVE-2021-1815: Zhipeng Huo (@R3dF09) and Yuebin Sun (@yuebinsun2020) of
Tencent Security Xuanwu Lab (xlab.tencent.com)

CVE-2021-1739: Zhipeng Huo (@R3dF09) and Yuebin Sun (@yuebinsun2020) of
Tencent Security Xuanwu Lab (xlab.tencent.com)

CVE-2021-1740: Zhipeng Huo (@R3dF09) and Yuebin Sun (@yuebinsun2020) of
Tencent Security Xuanwu Lab (xlab.tencent.com)

*Quick Response*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a person with physical access to an iOS device may be able to
place phone calls to any phone number

Description: an issue existed with authenticating the action triggered
by an NFC tag. The issue was addressed with improved action
authentication.

CVE-2021-1863: REFHAN OZGORUR

[.note]#Entry added: 28 May 2021#

*Safari*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local user may be able to write arbitrary files

Description: a validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitisation.

CVE-2021-1807: David Schütz (@xdavidhu)

*Shortcuts*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may allow shortcuts to access restricted files

Description: the issue was addressed with improved permissions logic.

CVE-2021-1831: Bouke van der Bijl

*Siri*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an issue with Siri search access to information was addressed
with improved logic

Description: a person with physical access may be able to access
contacts.

CVE-2021-1862: Anshraj Srivastava (@AnshrajSrivas14) of UKEF

[.note]#Entry added 6 May 2021, updated 21 July 2021 #

*Tailspin*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local attacker may be able to elevate their privileges

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-1868: Tim Michaud of Zoom Communications

*TCC*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to leak sensitive user
information

Description: a validation issue was addressed with improved logic.

CVE-2021-30659: Thijs Alkemade of Computest

[.note]#Entry added: 28 May 2021#

*Telephony*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a legacy mobile network can answer an incoming call
automatically when an ongoing call ends or drops. 

Description: a call termination issue was addressed with improved logic.

CVE-2021-1854: Steven Thorne of Cspire

*Wallet*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local user may be able to view sensitive information in the
app switcher

Description: the issue was addressed with improved UI handling.

CVE-2021-1848: Bradley D’Amato of ActionIQ

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to a
cross-site scripting attack

Description: an input validation issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-1825: Alex Camboe of Aon’s Cyber Solutions

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2021-1817: zhunki

[.note]#Entry updated: 6 May 2021#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to universal
cross-site scripting

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2021-1826: an anonymous researcher

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may result in the
disclosure of process memory

Description: a memory initialisation issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2021-1820: André Bargull

[.note]#Entry updated: 6 May 2021#

*WebKit Storage*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been
actively exploited.

Description: a use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2021-30661: yangkang (@dnpushme) of 360 ATA

*WebRTC*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a remote attacker may be able to cause unexpected system
termination or corrupt kernel memory

Description: a use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2020-7463: Megan2013678

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a buffer overflow may result in arbitrary code execution

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-1770: Jiska Classen (@naehrdine) of Secure Mobile Networking
Lab, TU Darmstadt

[.note]#Entry added: 28 May 2021#

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== Additional recognition

*Accounts Framework*

We would like to acknowledge Ellougani Mohamed of Dr.Phones Recycle Inc.
for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added: 6 May 2021#

*AirDrop*

We would like to acknowledge @maxzks for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added: 6 May 2021#

*Assets*

We would like to acknowledge Cees Elzinga for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added: 6 May 2021#

*CoreAudio*

We would like to acknowledge an anonymous researcher for their
assistance.

[.note]#Entry added: 6 May 2021#

*CoreCrypto*

We would like to acknowledge Andy Russon of Orange Group for their
assistance.

[.note]#Entry added: 6 May 2021#

*File Bookmark*

We would like to acknowledge an anonymous researcher for their
assistance.

[.note]#Entry added: 6 May 2021#

*Foundation*

We would like to acknowledge CodeColorist of Ant-Financial Light-Year
Lab for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added: 6 May 2021#

*Kernel*

We would like to acknowledge Antonio Frighetto of Politecnico di Milano,
GRIMM, Keyu Man, Zhiyun Qian, Zhongjie Wang, Xiaofeng Zheng, Youjun
Huang, Haixin Duan, Mikko Kenttälä (@Turmio_) of SensorFu, Proteas,
Tielei Wang of Pangu Lab and Zuozhi Fan (@pattern_F_) of Ant Group
Tianqiong Security Lab for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added: 6 May 2021#

*Mail*

We would like to acknowledge Lauritz Holtmann (@_lauritz_), Muhammed
Korany (facebook.com/MohamedMoustafa4) and Yiğit Can YILMAZ
(@yilmazcanyigit) for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added: 6 May 2021#

*NetworkExtension*

We would like to acknowledge Fabian Hartmann for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added: 6 May 2021#

*Safari Private Browsing*

We would like to acknowledge Dor Kahana and Griddaluru Veera Pranay
Naidu for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added: 6 May 2021#

*Security*

We would like to acknowledge Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab
and john (@nyan_satan) for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added: 6 May 2021#

*sysdiagnose*

We would like to acknowledge Tim Michaud (@TimGMichaud) of Leviathan for
their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added: 6 May 2021#

*WebKit*

We would like to acknowledge Emilio Cobos Álvarez of Mozilla for their
assistance.

[.note]#Entry added: 6 May 2021#

*WebSheet*

We would like to acknowledge Patrick Clover for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added: 6 May 2021#

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT2693[Contact
the vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: July 29, 2021

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT212317/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
