* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 15.1 and iPadOS 15.1

This document describes the security content of iOS 15.1 and iPadOS
15.1.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss or
confirm security issues until an investigation has taken place and
patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201222[Apple security
updates] page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201220[Apple Product
Security] page.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 15.1 and iPadOS 15.1

[.note]#Released on 25 October 2021#

*Audio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to elevate privileges

Description: an integer overflow was addressed through improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-30907: Zweig of Kunlun Lab

*ColorSync*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue existed in the processing of ICC
profiles. This issue was addressed with improved input validation.

CVE-2021-30917: Alexandru-Vlad Niculae and Mateusz Jurczyk of Google
Project Zero

*Continuity Camera*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local attacker may be able to cause unexpected application
termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30903: an anonymous researcher

*CoreAudio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted file may disclose user
information

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-30905: Mickey Jin (@patch1t) of Trend Micro

*CoreGraphics*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted PDF may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: an out-of-bounds write was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-30919

*FileProvider*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Unpacking a maliciously crafted archive may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: An input validation issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2021-30881: Simon Huang (@HuangShaomang) and pjf of IceSword Lab of
Qihoo 360

*GPU Drivers*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with kernel privileges

Description: An out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2021-30900: Yinyi Wu (@3ndy1) of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

*GPU Drivers*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-30914: Zuozhi Fan (@pattern_F_) of Ant Security TianQiong Lab

*iCloud*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local attacker may be able to elevate their privileges

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30906: Cees Elzinga

*Image Processing*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-30894: Pan ZhenPeng (@Peterpan0927) of Alibaba Security Pandora
Lab

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2021-30886: @0xalsr

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2021-30909: Zweig of Kunlun Lab

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with kernel privileges

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2021-30916: Zweig of Kunlun Lab

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted file may disclose user
information

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-30910: Mickey Jin (@patch1t) of Trend Micro

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted USD file may disclose memory
contents

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-30911: Rui Yang and Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

*Siri*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A local attacker may be able to view contacts from the lock
screen

Description: a lock screen issue allowed access to contacts on a locked
device. This issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-30875: Abhay Kailasia (@abhay_kailasia) of Lakshmi Narain
College of Technology

*UIKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a person with physical access to a device may be able to
determine characteristics of a user's password in a secure text entry
field

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-30915: Kostas Angelopoulos

*Voice Control*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local attacker may be able to cause unexpected application
termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: a use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2021-30902: 08Tc3wBB of ZecOps Mobile EDR Team

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to
unexpectedly unenforced Content Security Policy

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2021-30887: Narendra Bhati (@imnarendrabhati) of Suma Soft Pvt. Ltd.

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A malicious website using Content Security Policy reports may be
able to leak information via redirect behaviour 

Description: An information leakage issue was addressed.

CVE-2021-30888: Prakash (@1lastBr3ath)

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A buffer overflow issue was addressed with improved memory
handling.

CVE-2021-30889: Chijin Zhou of ShuiMuYuLin Ltd and Tsinghua wingtecher
lab

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to universal
cross-site scripting

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-30890: an anonymous researcher

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== Additional recognition

*iCloud*

We would like to acknowledge Ryan Pickren (ryanpickren.com) for their
assistance.

*Mail*

We would like to acknowledge Fabian Ising and Damian Poddebniak of
Münster University of Applied Sciences for their assistance.

*NetworkExtension*

We would like to acknowledge Alex Bauer of Branch for their assistance.

*WebKit*

We would like to acknowledge Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero, Pavel
Gromadchuk, an anonymous researcher for their assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT2693[Contact
the vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: November 04, 2021

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 15.1 and iPadOS 15.1

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT212867/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
