* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 12.3

This document describes the security content of iOS 12.3.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss or
confirm security issues until an investigation has taken place and
patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201222[Apple security
updates] page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201220[Apple Product
Security] page.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 12.3

[.note]#Released 13 May 2019#

*AppleFileConduit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2019-8593: Dany Lisiansky (@DanyL931)

*Bluetooth*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Due to a misconfiguration in the Bluetooth pairing protocols of
a Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) version of FIDO Security Keys, it may be
possible for an attacker with physical proximity to be able to intercept
Bluetooth traffic during pairing

Description: This issue was addressed by disabling accessories with
insecure Bluetooth connections. Customers using the Bluetooth Low Energy
(BLE) version of the Titan Security Key by Google should review
Android’s June Bulletins and Google’s advisory and take appropriate
action.

CVE-2019-2102: Matt Beaver and Erik Peterson of Microsoft Corp.

[.note]#Entry added 17 September 2019#

*Contacts*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: a malicious application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: An input validation issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2019-8598: Omer Gull of Checkpoint Research

*CoreAudio*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted film file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2019-8585: riusksk of VulWar Corp working with Trend Micro's Zero
Day Initiative

*CoreAudio*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted audio file may lead to
arbitrary code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved error
handling.

CVE-2019-8592: riusksk of VulWar Corp working with Trend Micro's Zero
Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added 1 August 2019#

*CoreText*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted font may result in the
disclosure of process memory

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2019-8582: riusksk of VulWar Corp working with Trend Micro's Zero
Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added 25 July 2019#

*Disk Images*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitisation.

CVE-2019-8560: Nikita Pupyshev of Bauman Moscow State Technological
University

[.note]#Entry updated 30 May 2019#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitisation.

CVE-2019-8633: Zhuo Liang of Qihoo 360 Vulcan Team

[.note]#Entry added 17 September 2019#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to cause unexpected system termination
or read kernel memory

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2019-8576: Brandon Azad of Google Project Zero, Junho Jang and Hanul
Choi of LINE Security Team

[.note]#Entry updated 30 May 2019#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to cause unexpected system
termination or write kernel memory

Description: A type confusion issue was addressed with improved memory
handling.

CVE-2019-8591: Ned Williamson working with Google Project Zero

*Lock Screen*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A person with physical access to an iOS device may be able to
see the email address used for iTunes

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2019-8599: Jeremy Peña-Lopez (aka Radio) of the University of North
Florida

*Mail*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted message may lead to a denial of
service

Description: An input validation issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2019-8626: natashenka of Google Project Zero

*Mail Message Framework*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2019-8613: natashenka of Google Project Zero

*Messages*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause a system denial of
service

Description: An input validation issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2019-8573: natashenka of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added 3 July 2019#

*Messages*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted message may lead to a denial of
service

Description: An input validation issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2019-8664: natashenka of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added 3 July 2019#

*Messages*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Users removed from an iMessage conversation may still be able to
alter state

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2019-8631: Jamie Bishop of Dynastic

[.note]#Entry added 1 August 2019#

*MobileInstallation*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to modify protected parts of the file
system

Description: A validation issue existed in the handling of symlinks.
This issue was addressed with improved validation of symlinks.

CVE-2019-8568: Dany Lisiansky (@DanyL931)

*MobileLockdown*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to gain root privileges

Description: An input validation issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2019-8637: Dany Lisiansky (@DanyL931)

*Photos Storage*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A sandboxed process may be able to circumvent sandbox
restrictions

Description: An access issue was addressed with additional sandbox
restrictions.

CVE-2019-8617: an anonymous researcher

*SQLite*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to gain elevated privileges

Description: An input validation issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2019-8577: Omer Gull of Checkpoint Research

*SQLite*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A maliciously crafted SQL query may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2019-8600: Omer Gull of Checkpoint Research

*SQLite*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: a malicious application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: An input validation issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2019-8598: Omer Gull of Checkpoint Research

*SQLite*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to elevate privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed by removing the
vulnerable code.

CVE-2019-8602: Omer Gull of Checkpoint Research

*Status Bar*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: The lock screen may show a locked icon after unlocking

Description: the issue was addressed with improved UI handling.

CVE-2019-8630: Jon M. Morlan

*StreamingZip*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A local user may be able to modify protected parts of the file
system

Description: A validation issue existed in the handling of symlinks.
This issue was addressed with improved validation of symlinks.

CVE-2019-8568: Dany Lisiansky (@DanyL931)

*sysdiagnose*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system
privileges

Description: The issue was addressed with improved permissions logic.

CVE-2019-8574: Dayton Pidhirney (@_watbulb) of Seekintoo (@seekintoo)

[.note]#Entry updated 3 February 2020#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may result in the
disclosure of process memory

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2019-8607: Junho Jang and Hanul Choi of LINE Security Team

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved memory handling.

CVE-2019-6237: G. Geshev working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative,
Liu Long of Qihoo 360 Vulcan Team

CVE-2019-8571: 01 working with Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2019-8583: sakura of Tencent Xuanwu Lab, jessica (@babyjess1ca_) of
Tencent Keen Lab and dwfault working at ADLab of Venustech

CVE-2019-8584: G. Geshev of MWR Labs working with Trend Micro Zero Day
Initiative

CVE-2019-8586: an anonymous researcher

CVE-2019-8587: G. Geshev working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2019-8594: Suyoung Lee and Sooel Son of KAIST Web Security & Privacy
Lab and HyungSeok Han and Sang Kil Cha of KAIST SoftSec Lab

CVE-2019-8595: G. Geshev from MWR Labs working with Trend Micro Zero Day
Initiative

CVE-2019-8596: Wen Xu of SSLab at Georgia Tech

CVE-2019-8597: 01 working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2019-8601: Fluoroacetate working with Trend Micro's Zero Day
Initiative

CVE-2019-8608: G. Geshev working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2019-8609: Wen Xu of SSLab, Georgia Tech

CVE-2019-8610: Anonymous working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2019-8611: Samuel Groß of Google Project Zero

CVE-2019-8615: G. Geshev from MWR Labs working with Trend Micro's Zero
Day Initiative

CVE-2019-8619: Wen Xu of SSLab at Georgia Tech and Hanqing Zhao of
Chaitin Security Research Lab

CVE-2019-8622: Samuel Groß of Google Project Zero

CVE-2019-8623: Samuel Groß of Google Project Zero

CVE-2019-8628: Wen Xu of SSLab at Georgia Tech and Hanqing Zhao of
Chaitin Security Research Lab

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position can modify driver
state

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2019-8612: Milan Stute of Secure Mobile Networking Lab at Technische
Universität Darmstadt

[.note]#Entry added 30 May 2019#

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 5s and later, iPad Air and later, and iPod touch
6th generation

Impact: A device may be passively tracked by its Wi-Fi MAC address

Description: A user privacy issue was addressed by removing the
broadcast MAC address.

CVE-2019-8620: David Kreitschmann and Milan Stute of Secure Mobile
Networking Lab at Technische Universität Darmstadt

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== Additional recognition

*Clang*

We would like to acknowledge Brandon Azad of Google Project Zero for
their assistance.

*CoreAudio*

We would like to acknowledge riusksk of VulWar Corp working with Trend
Micro's Zero Day Initiative for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 25 July 2019#

*CoreFoundation*

We would like to acknowledge m4bln, Xiangqian Zhang, Huiming Liu of
Tencent's Xuanwu Lab, Vozzie and Rami for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry updated 30 May 2019#

*Kernel*

We would like to acknowledge Denis Kopyrin, Brandon Azad of Google
Project Zero for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry updated 30 May 2019#

*MediaLibrary*

We would like to acknowledge Angel Ramirez and Min (Spark) Zheng,
Xiaolong Bai of Alibaba Inc. for their assistance.

*MobileInstallation*

We would like to acknowledge Yiğit Can YILMAZ (@yilmazcanyigit) for
their assistance.

*Safari*

We would like to acknowledge Ben Guild (@benguild) for their assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT2693[Contact
the vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: March 13, 2021

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 12.3

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT210118/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
