* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 14.7 and iPadOS 14.7

This document describes the security content of iOS 14.7 and iPadOS
14.7.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss or
confirm security issues until an investigation has taken place and
patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201222[Apple security
updates] page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201220[Apple Product
Security] page.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 14.7 and iPadOS 14.7

[.note]#iOS 14.7 released on 19 July 2021; iPadOS 14.7 released on 21
July 2021#

*ActionKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a shortcut may be able to bypass Internet permission
requirements

Description: An input validation issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-30763: Zachary Keffaber (@QuickUpdate5)

*Analytics*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A local attacker may be able to access analytics data

Description: This issue was addressed with a new entitlement.

CVE-2021-30871: Denis Tokarev (@illusionofcha0s)

[.note]#Entry added 25 October 2021#

*Audio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local attacker may be able to cause unexpected application
termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30781: tr3e

*AVEVideoEncoder*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2021-30748: George Nosenko

*CoreAudio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted audio file may lead to
arbitrary code execution

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2021-30775: JunDong Xie of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

*CoreAudio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: playing a malicious audio file may lead to an unexpected
application termination

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2021-30776: JunDong Xie of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

*CoreGraphics*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Opening a maliciously crafted PDF file may lead to an unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: a race condition was addressed with improved state
handling.

CVE-2021-30786: ryuzaki

*CoreText*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted font file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-30789: Mickey Jin (@patch1t) of Trend Micro, Sunglin of
Knownsec 404 team

*Crash Reporter*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to gain root privileges

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2021-30774:  Yizhuo Wang of Group of Software Security In Progress
(G.O.S.S.I.P) at Shanghai Jiao Tong University

*CVMS*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to gain root privileges

Description: an out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2021-30780: Tim Michaud(@TimGMichaud) of Zoom Video Communications

*dyld*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a sandboxed process may be able to circumvent sandbox
restrictions

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2021-30768: Linus Henze (pinauten.de)

*Find My*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to access Find My data

Description: a permissions issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2021-30804: Csaba Fitzl (@theevilbit) of Offensive Security

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted font file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an integer overflow was addressed through improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-30760: Sunglin of Knownsec 404 team

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted tiff file may lead to a
denial-of-service or potentially disclose memory contents

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30788: tr3e working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted font file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: a stack overflow was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-30759: hjy79425575 working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

*Identity Service*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to bypass code signing
checks

Description: an issue in code signature validation was addressed with
improved checks.

CVE-2021-30773: Linus Henze (pinauten.de)

*Image Processing*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2021-30802: Matthew Denton of Google Chrome Security

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30779: Jzhu, Ye Zhang(@co0py_Cat) of Baidu Security

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A buffer overflow was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-30785: CFF of Topsec Alpha Team, Mickey Jin (@patch1t) of Trend
Micro

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A malicious attacker with arbitrary read and write capability
may be able to bypass Pointer Authentication

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-30769: Linus Henze (pinauten.de)

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: An attacker that has already achieved kernel code execution may
be able to bypass kernel memory mitigations

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2021-30770: Linus Henze (pinauten.de)

*libxml2*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-3518

*Measure*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: multiple issues in libwebp

Description: multiple issues were addressed by updating to version
1.2.0.

CVE-2018-25010

CVE-2018-25011

CVE-2018-25014

CVE-2020-36328

CVE-2020-36329

CVE-2020-36330

CVE-2020-36331

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to a denial of
service

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2021-30796: Mickey Jin (@patch1t) of Trend Micro

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds write was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-30792: Anonymous working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted file may disclose user
information

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-30791: Anonymous working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

*TCC*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to bypass certain Privacy
preferences

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-30798: Mickey Jin (@patch1t) of Trend Micro

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: a type confusion issue was addressed with improved state
handling.

CVE-2021-30758: Christoph Guttandin of Media Codings

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2021-30795: Sergei Glazunov of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to code
execution

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30797:  Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved memory handling.

CVE-2021-30799: Sergei Glazunov of Google Project Zero

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: joining a malicious Wi-Fi network may result in a denial of
service or arbitrary code execution

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30800: vm_call, Nozhdar Abdulkhaleq Shukri

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== Additional recognition

*Assets*

We would like to acknowledge Cees Elzinga for their assistance.

*CoreText*

We would like to acknowledge Mickey Jin (@patch1t) of Trend Micro for
their assistance.

*Safari*

We would like to acknowledge an anonymous researcher for their
assistance.

*Sandbox*

We would like to acknowledge Csaba Fitzl (@theevilbit) of Offensive
Security for their assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT2693[Contact
the vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: October 29, 2021

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 14.7 and iPadOS 14.7

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT212601/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
