* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 14.0 and iPadOS 14.0

This document describes the security content of iOS 14.0 and iPadOS
14.0.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss or
confirm security issues until an investigation has taken place and
patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201222[Apple security
updates] page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201220[Apple Product
Security] page.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 14.0 and iPadOS 14.0

[.note]#Released 16 September 2020#

*AppleAVD*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: An application may be able to cause unexpected system
termination or write kernel memory

Description: An out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2020-9958: Mohamed Ghannam (@_simo36)

*Assets*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: An attacker may be able to misuse a trust relationship to
download malicious content

Description: A trust issue was addressed by removing a legacy API.

CVE-2020-9979: CodeColorist of LightYear Security Lab of AntGroup

[.note]#Entry updated 12 November 2020#

*Audio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2020-9943: JunDong Xie of Ant Group Light-Year Security Lab

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*Audio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to read restricted memory

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2020-9944: JunDong Xie of Ant Group Light-Year Security Lab

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*CoreAudio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted audio file may lead to
arbitrary code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-9960: JunDong Xie and Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year
Lab

[.note]#Entry added 25 February 2021#

*CoreAudio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: playing a malicious audio file may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: A buffer overflow issue was addressed with improved memory
handling.

CVE-2020-9954: Francis working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative,
JunDong Xie of Ant Group Light-Year Security Lab

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*CoreCapture*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: a use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2020-9949: Proteas

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*CoreText*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted text file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2020-9999: Apple

[.note]#Entry added 15 December 2020#

*Disk Images*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-9965: Proteas

CVE-2020-9966: Proteas

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted font file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-9956: Mickey Jin and Junzhi Lu of Trend Micro Mobile Security
Research Team working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative

[.note]#Entry added 25 February 2021#

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A buffer overflow was addressed with improved size
validation.

CVE-2020-9962: Yiğit Can YILMAZ (@yilmazcanyigit)

[.note]#Entry added 25 February 2021#

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted font file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue existed in the processing of font
files. This issue was addressed with improved input validation.

CVE-2020-27931: Apple

[.note]#Entry added 25 February 2021#

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted font may result in the
disclosure of process memory

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-29639: Mickey Jin & Qi Sun of Trend Micro

[.note]#Entry added 25 February 2021#

*HomeKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
alter the application state unexpectedly

Description: This issue was addressed with improved setting propagation.

CVE-2020-9978: Luyi Xing,  Dongfang Zhao, and Xiaofeng Wang of Indiana
University Bloomington,  Yan Jia of Xidian University and University of
Chinese Academy of Sciences and Bin Yuan of HuaZhong University of
Science and Technology

[.note]#Entry added 25 February 2021#

*Icons*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to identify what other
applications a user has installed

Description: the issue was addressed with improved handling of icon
caches.

CVE-2020-9773: Chilik Tamir of Zimperium zLabs

*IDE Device Support*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
execute arbitrary code on a paired device during a debug session over
the network

Description: this issue was addressed by encrypting communications over
the network to devices running iOS 14, iPadOS 14, tvOS 14 and watchOS 7.

CVE-2020-9992: Dany Lisiansky (@DanyL931), Nikias Bassen of Zimperium
zLabs

[.note]#Entry updated 17 September 2020#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2020-9955: Mickey Jin of Trend Micro, Xingwei Lin of Ant Security
Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added 15 December 2020#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-9961: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Opening a maliciously crafted PDF file may lead to an unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2020-9876: Mickey Jin of Trend Micro

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*IOSurfaceAccelerator*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local user may be able to read kernel memory

Description: A memory initialisation issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2020-9964: Mohamed Ghannam (@_simo36), Tommy Muir (@Muirey03)

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause unexpected system
termination or corrupt kernel memory

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved input validation.

CVE-2020-9967: Alex Plaskett (@alexjplaskett)

[.note]#Entry added 25 February 2021#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: a use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2020-9975: Tielei Wang of Pangu Lab

[.note]#Entry added 25 February 2021#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
inject into active connections within a VPN tunnel

Description: a routing issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2019-14899: William J. Tolley, Beau Kujath and Jedidiah R. Crandall

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*Keyboard*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to leak sensitive user
information

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2020-9976: Rias A Sherzad of JAIDE GmbH in Hamburg, Germany

*libxml2*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted file may lead to arbitrary code
execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2020-9981: found by OSS-Fuzz

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*libxpc*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A malicious application may be able to elevate privileges

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2020-9971: Zhipeng Huo (@R3dF09) of Tencent Security Xuanwu Lab

[.note]#Entry added 15 December 2020#

*Mail*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a remote attacker may be able to unexpectedly alter application
state

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2020-9941: Fabian Ising of FH Münster University of Applied Sciences
and Damian Poddebniak of FH Münster University of Applied Sciences

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*Messages*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local user may be able to discover a user’s deleted messages

Description: the issue was addressed with improved deletion.

CVE-2020-9988: William Breuer of the Netherlands

CVE-2020-9989: von Brunn Media

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted USD file may lead to unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2020-13520: Aleksandar Nikolic of Cisco Talos

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted USD file may lead to unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: A buffer overflow issue was addressed with improved memory
handling.

CVE-2020-6147: Aleksandar Nikolic of Cisco Talos

CVE-2020-9972: Aleksandar Nikolic of Cisco Talos

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted USD file may lead to unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2020-9973: Aleksandar Nikolic of Cisco Talos

*NetworkExtension*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to elevate privileges

Description: a use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2020-9996: Zhiwei Yuan of Trend Micro iCore Team, Junzhi Lu and
Mickey Jin of Trend Micro

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*Phone*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: the screen lock may not engage after the specified time period

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2020-9946: Daniel Larsson of iolight AB

*Quick Look*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious app may be able to determine the existence of files
on the computer

Description: the issue was addressed with improved handling of icon
caches.

CVE-2020-9963: Csaba Fitzl (@theevilbit) of Offensive Security

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*Safari*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to determine a user's open
tabs in Safari

Description: a validation issue existed in the entitlement verification.
This issue was addressed with improved validation of the process
entitlement.

CVE-2020-9977: Josh Parnham (@joshparnham)

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*Safari*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: visiting a malicious website may lead to address bar spoofing

Description: the issue was addressed with improved UI handling.

CVE-2020-9993: Masato Sugiyama (@smasato) of University of Tsukuba,
Piotr Duszynski

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020# +

*Sandbox*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local user may be able to view sensitive user information

Description: an access issue was addressed with additional sandbox
restrictions.

CVE-2020-9969: Wojciech Reguła of SecuRing (wojciechregula.blog)

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*Sandbox*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to access restricted files

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2020-9968: Adam Chester (@_xpn_) of TrustedSec

[.note]#Entry updated 17 September 2020#

*Siri*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a person with physical access to an iOS device may be able to
view notification contents from the lock screen

Description: a lock screen issue allowed access to messages on a locked
device. This issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2020-9959: an anonymous researcher, an anonymous researcher, an
anonymous researcher, an anonymous researcher, an anonymous researcher,
an anonymous researcher, Andrew Goldberg The University of Texas at
Austin, McCombs School of Business, Meli̇h Kerem Güneş of Li̇v College,
Sinan Gulguler

[.note]#Entry updated 15 December 2020#

*SQLite*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a remote attacker may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2020-13434

CVE-2020-13435

CVE-2020-9991

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*SQLite*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a remote attacker may be able to leak memory

Description: an information disclosure issue was addressed with improved
state management.

CVE-2020-9849

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*SQLite*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: multiple issues in SQLite

Description: multiple issues were addressed by updating SQLite to
version 3.32.3.

CVE-2020-15358

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*SQLite*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a maliciously crafted SQL query may lead to data corruption

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2020-13631

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*SQLite*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2020-13630

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: a use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2020-9947: cc working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2020-9950: cc working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2020-9951: Marcin 'Icewall' Noga of Cisco Talos

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to code
execution

Description: An out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2020-9983: zhunki

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to a
cross-site scripting attack

Description: An input validation issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-9952: Ryan Pickren (ryanpickren.com)

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2020-10013: Yu Wang of Didi Research America

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== Additional recognition

*802.1X*

We would like to acknowledge Kenana Dalle of Hamad bin Khalifa
University and Ryan Riley of Carnegie Mellon University in Qatar for
their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 15 December 2020#

*App Store*

We would like to acknowledge Giyas Umarov of Holmdel High School for
their assistance.

*Audio*

We would like to acknowledge JunDong Xie and Xingwei Lin of
Ant-Financial Light-Year Security Lab for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*Bluetooth*

We would like to acknowledge Andy Davis of NCC Group and Dennis Heinze
(@ttdennis) of TU Darmstadt, Secure Mobile Networking Lab for their
assistance.

*CallKit*

We would like to acknowledge Federico Zanetello for their assistance.

*CarPlay*

We would like to acknowledge an anonymous researcher for their
assistance.

*Clang*

We would like to acknowledge Brandon Azad of Google Project Zero for
their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*Core Location*

We would like to acknowledge Yiğit Can YILMAZ (@yilmazcanyigit) for
their assistance.

*Crash Reporter*

We would like to acknowledge Artur Byszko of AFINE for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 15 December 2020#

*debugserver*

We would like to acknowledge Linus Henze (pinauten.de) for their
assistance.

*FaceTime*

We would like to acknowledge Federico Zanetello for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 25 February 2021#

*iAP*

We would like to acknowledge Andy Davis of NCC Group for their
assistance.

*iBoot*

We would like to acknowledge Brandon Azad of Google Project Zero for
their assistance.

*Kernel*

We would like to acknowledge Brandon Azad of Google Project Zero and
Stephen Röttger of Google for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry updated 12 November 2020#

*libarchive*

****We would like to acknowledge Dzmitry Plotnikau and an anonymous
researcher for their assistance.

*libxml2*

We would like to acknowledge an anonymous researcher for their
assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 25 February 2021#

*lldb*

We would like to acknowledge Linus Henze (pinauten.de) for their
assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*Location Framework*

We would like to acknowledge Nicolas Brunner
(linkedin.com/in/nicolas-brunner-651bb4128) for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry updated 19 October 2020#

*Mail*

We would like to acknowledge an anonymous researcher for their
assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*Mail Drafts*

We would like to acknowledge Jon Bottarini of HackerOne for their
assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*Maps*

We would like to acknowledge Matthew Dolan of Amazon Alexa for their
assistance.

*NetworkExtension*

We would like to acknowledge Thijs Alkemade of Computest and ‘Qubo Song’
of ‘Symantec, a division of Broadcom’ for their assistance.

*Phone Keypad*

We would like to acknowledge Hasan Fahrettin Kaya of Akdeniz University
Faculty of Tourism, and an anonymous researcher for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020, updated 15 December 2020#

*Safari*

We would like to acknowledge Andreas Gutmann (@KryptoAndI) of OneSpan's
Innovation Centre (onespan.com) and University College London, Steven J
Murdoch (@SJMurdoch) of OneSpan's Innovation Centre (onespan.com) and
University College London, Jack Cable of Lightning Security, Ryan
Pickren (ryanpickren.com) and Yair Amit for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*Safari Reader*

We would like to acknowledge Zhiyang Zeng(@Wester) of OPPO ZIWU Security
Lab for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*Security*

We would like to acknowledge Christian Starkjohann of Objective
Development Software GmbH for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

*Status Bar*

We would like to acknowledge Abdul M. Majumder, Abdullah Fasihallah of
Taif university, Adwait Vikas Bhide, Frederik Schmid, Nikita and an
anonymous researcher for their assistance.

*Telephony*

We would like to acknowledge Onur Can Bıkmaz, Vodafone Turkey @canbkmaz,
Yiğit Can YILMAZ (@yilmazcanyigit) and an anonymous researcher for their
assistance.

[.note]#Entry updated 12 November 2020#

*UIKit*

We would like to acknowledge Borja Marcos of Sarenet, Simon de Vegt,
Talal Haj Bakry (@hajbakri) and Tommy Mysk (@tommymysk) of Mysk Inc for
their assistance.

*Web App*

We would like to acknowledge Augusto Alvarez of Outcourse Limited for
their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 25 February 2021#

*Web App*

We would like to acknowledge Augusto Alvarez of Outcourse Limited for
their assistance.

*WebKit*

We would like to acknowledge Pawel Wylecial of REDTEAM.PL, Ryan Pickren
(ryanpickren.com), Tsubasa FUJII (@reinforchu), Zhiyang Zeng(@Wester) of
OPPO ZIWU Security Lab for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 12 November 2020#

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT2693[Contact
the vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: March 02, 2021

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 14.0 and iPadOS 14.0

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT211850/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
