* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4

This document describes the security content of iOS 14.4 and iPadOS
14.4.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers’ protection, Apple doesn’t disclose, discuss or
confirm security issues until an investigation has taken place and
patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201222[Apple security
updates] page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201220[Apple Product
Security] page.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4

[.note]#Released: 26 January 2021#

*Analytics*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation) 

Impact: a remote attacker may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-1761: Cees Elzinga

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*APFS*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local user may be able to read arbitrary files

Description: the issue was addressed with improved permissions logic.

CVE-2021-1797: Thomas Tempelmann

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*Bluetooth*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-1794: Jianjun Dai of 360 Alpha Lab

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*Bluetooth*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds write was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-1795: Jianjun Dai of 360 Alpha Lab

CVE-2021-1796: Jianjun Dai of 360 Alpha Lab

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*Bluetooth*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an attacker in a privileged position may be able to perform a
denial-of-service attack

Description: A memory initialisation issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2021-1780: Jianjun Dai of 360 Alpha Lab

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*CoreAnimation*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application could execute arbitrary code, which
could lead to user information being compromised

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2021-1760: @S0rryMybad of 360 Vulcan Team

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*CoreAudio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to code
execution

Description: an out-of-bounds write was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-1747: JunDong Xie of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*CoreGraphics*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted font file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2021-1776: Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*CoreMedia*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-1759: Hou JingYi (@hjy79425575) of Qihoo 360 CERT

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*CoreText*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted text file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: a stack overflow was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-1772: Mickey Jin of Trend Micro (working with Trend Micro’s
Zero Day Initiative)

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021#

*CoreText*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-1792: Mickey Jin and Junzhi Lu of Trend Micro (working with
Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative)

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021#

*Crash Reporter*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local user may be able to create or modify system files.

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-1786: Csaba Fitzl (@theevilbit) of Offensive Security

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*Crash Reporter*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local attacker may be able to elevate their privileges

Description: multiple issues were addressed with improved logic.

CVE-2021-1787: James Hutchins

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*FairPlay*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to disclose kernel memory

Description: an out-of-bounds read issue existed that led to the
disclosure of kernel memory. This was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-1791: Junzhi Lu (@pwn0rz), Qi Sun and Mickey Jin of Trend Micro
(working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative)

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021#

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-1758: Peter Nguyen of STAR Labs

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to a denial of
service

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-1773: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to a denial of
service

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-1766: Danny Rosseau of Carve Systems

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-1785: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds write was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-1737: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

CVE-2021-1738: Lei Sun

CVE-2021-1744: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a remote attacker may be able to cause unexpected application
termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-1818: Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year Security Lab

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation) 

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-1838: Mickey Jin and Qi Sun of Trend Micro (working with Trend
Micro’s Zero Day Initiative)

CVE-2021-1742: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

CVE-2021-1746: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab, Mickey Jin
and Qi Sun of Trend Micro (working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day
Initiative) and Jeonghoon Shin (@singi21a) of THEORI

CVE-2021-1754: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

CVE-2021-1774: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

CVE-2021-1793: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-1741: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

CVE-2021-1743: Mickey Jin and Junzhi Lu of Trend Micro (working with
Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative) and Xingwei Lin of Ant Security
Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to a denial of
service

Description: an out-of-bounds read issue existed in the cURL. This issue
was addressed with improved bounds checking.

CVE-2021-1778: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an access issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2021-1783: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*IOSkywalkFamily*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local attacker may be able to elevate their privileges

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-1757: Proteas and Pan ZhenPeng (@Peterpan0927) of Alibaba
Security

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*iTunes Store*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted URL may lead to arbitrary
JavaScript code execution.

Description: a validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitisation.

CVE-2021-1748: CodeColorist (working with Ant Security Light-Year Lab)

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a remote attacker may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2021-1764: @m00nbsd

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: multiple issues were addressed with improved logic.

CVE-2021-1750: @0xalsr

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to elevate privileges. Apple
is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited.

Description: a race condition was addressed with improved locking.

CVE-2021-1782: an anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry updated: 28 May 2021 #

*Messages*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to leak sensitive user
information

Description: a privacy issue existed in the handling of Contact cards.
This was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-1781: Csaba Fitzl (@theevilbit) of Offensive Security

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted USD file may lead to an
unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: A buffer overflow was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-1763: Mickey Jin of Trend Micro (working with Trend Micro’s
Zero Day Initiative)

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021#

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted USD file may lead to an
unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-1768: Mickey Jin and Junzhi Lu of Trend Micro (working with
Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative)

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021#

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted USD file may lead to an
unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-1745: Mickey Jin and Junzhi Lu of Trend Micro (working with
Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative)

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021#

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted USD file may lead to an
unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds write was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-1762: Mickey Jin of Trend Micro

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted USD file may lead to an
unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds write was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-1762: Mickey Jin of Trend Micro (working with Trend Micro’s
Zero Day Initiative)

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021#

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to heap
corruption.

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-1767: Mickey Jin and Junzhi Lu of Trend Micro (working with
Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative)

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021#

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-1753: Mickey Jin of Trend Micro

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-1753: Mickey Jin of Trend Micro (working with Trend Micro’s
Zero Day Initiative)

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021#

*Phone Keypad*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an attacker with physical access to a device may be able to see
private contact information

Description: a lock screen issue allowed access to contacts on a locked
device. This issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-1756: Ryan Pickren (ryanpickren.com)

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*Swift*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A malicious attacker with arbitrary read and write capability
may be able to bypass Pointer Authentication

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2021-1769: CodeColorist of Ant-Financial Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2021-1788: Francisco Alonso (@revskills)

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: a type confusion issue was addressed with improved state
handling.

CVE-2021-1789: @S0rryMybad of 360 Vulcan Team

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: maliciously crafted web content may violate iframe sandboxing
policy.

Description: this issue was addressed with improved iframe sandbox
enforcement.

CVE-2021-1801: Eliya Stein of Confiant

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021 #

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution.
Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively
exploited.

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2021-1871: an anonymous researcher

CVE-2021-1870: an anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry updated: 28 May 2021 #

*WebRTC*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models) iPad Air 2 and
later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and iPod
touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious website may be able to access restricted ports on
arbitrary servers

Description: a port redirection issue was addressed with additional port
validation.

CVE-2021-1799: Gregory Vishnepolsky and Ben Seri of Armis Security, and
Samy Kamkar

[.note]#Entry added: 1 February 2021; updated: 28 May 2021#

*XNU*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation) 

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with kernel privileges

Description: a type confusion issue was addressed with improved state
handling.

CVE-2021-30869: Apple

[.note]#Entry added 23 September 2021#

[.note]# #

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== Additional recognition

*iTunes Store*

We would like to acknowledge CodeColorist of Ant-Financial Light-Year
Lab for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 01 February 2021#

*Kernel*

We would like to acknowledge Junzhi Lu (@pwn0rz), Mickey Jin and Jesse
Change of Trend Micro for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 01 February 2021#

*libpthread*

We would like to acknowledge CodeColorist of Ant-Financial Light-Year
Lab for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 01 February 2021#

*Mail*

We would like to acknowledge Yiğit Can Yilmaz (@yilmazcanyigit) and an
anonymous researcher for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 01 February 2021#

*Store Demo*

We would like to acknowledge @08Tc3wBB for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 01 February 2021#

*WebRTC*

We would like to acknowledge Philipp Hancke for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 01 February 2021#

*Wi-Fi*

We would like to acknowledge an anonymous researcher for their
assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 01 February 2021#

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT2693[Contact
the vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: September 28, 2021

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT212146/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
