* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 13.6 and iPadOS 13.6

This document describes the security content of iOS 13.6 and iPadOS
13.6.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss or
confirm security issues until an investigation has taken place and
patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201222[Apple security
updates] page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201220[Apple Product
Security] page.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 13.6 and iPadOS 13.6

[.note]#Released 15 July 2020#

*Audio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted audio file may lead to
arbitrary code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2020-9888: JunDong Xie and Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year
Security Lab

CVE-2020-9890: JunDong Xie and Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year
Security Lab

CVE-2020-9891: JunDong Xie and Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year
Security Lab

[.note]#Entry updated 5 August 2020#

*Audio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted audio file may lead to
arbitrary code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2020-9884: Yu Zhou(@yuzhou6666) of 小鸡帮 working with Trend Micro
Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2020-9889: Anonymous working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative,
JunDong Xie and Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year Security Lab

[.note]#Entry updated 5 August 2020#

*AVEVideoEncoder*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed by removing the
vulnerable code.

CVE-2020-9907: 08Tc3wBB working with ZecOps

[.note]#Entry added 24 July 2020, updated 31 August 2020#

*Bluetooth*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A remote attacker may cause an unexpected application
termination

Description: A denial-of-service issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-9931: Dennis Heinze (@ttdennis) of TU Darmstadt, Secure Mobile
Networking Lab

*CoreFoundation*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A local user may be able to view sensitive user information

Description: An issue existed in the handling of environment variables.
This issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2020-9934: Matt Shockley (linkedin.com/in/shocktop)

Entry updated 5 August 2020

*CoreGraphics*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A buffer overflow issue was addressed with improved memory
handling.

CVE-2020-9883: an anonymous researcher, Mickey Jin of Trend Micro

[.note]#Entry added 24 July 2020, updated 15 December 2020#

*Crash Reporter*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A malicious application may be able to break out of its sandbox

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed by removing the
vulnerable code.

CVE-2020-9865: Zhuo Liang of Qihoo 360 Vulcan Team working with 360
BugCloud

*Crash Reporter*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local attacker may be able to elevate their privileges

Description: an issue existed within the path validation logic for
symlinks. This issue was addressed with improved path sanitisation.

CVE-2020-9900: Zhongcheng Li (CK01) from Zero-dayits Team of Legendsec
at Qi'anxin Group

[.note]#Entry added 5 August 2020#

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted font file may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2020-9980: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added 21 September 2020, updated 19 October 2020#

*GeoServices*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A malicious application may be able to read sensitive location
information

Description: An authorisation issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2020-9933: Min (Spark) Zheng and Xiaolong Bai of Alibaba Inc.

*iAP*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
perform a denial-of-service attack using malformed Bluetooth packets

Description: An input validation issue existed in Bluetooth. This issue
was addressed with improved input validation.

CVE-2020-9914: Andy Davis of NCC Group

[.note]#Entry updated 24 July 2020#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-27933: Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year Security Lab

[.note]#Entry added 16 March 2021#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: multiple buffer overflow issues existed in openEXR

Description: multiple issues in openEXR were addressed with improved
checks.

CVE-2020-11758: Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year Security Lab

CVE-2020-11759: Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year Security Lab

CVE-2020-11760: Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year Security Lab

CVE-2020-11761: Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year Security Lab

CVE-2020-11762: Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year Security Lab

CVE-2020-11763: Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year Security Lab

CVE-2020-11764: Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year Security Lab

CVE-2020-11765: Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year Security Lab

[.note]#Entry added 8 September 2020#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2020-9871: Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year Security Lab

CVE-2020-9872: Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year Security Lab

CVE-2020-9874: Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year Security Lab

CVE-2020-9879: Xingwei Lin of Ant-financial Light-Year Security Lab

CVE-2020-9936: Mickey Jin of Trend Micro

CVE-2020-9937: Xingwei Lin of Ant-financial Light-Year Security Lab

[.note]#Entry updated 5 August 2020#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A buffer overflow issue was addressed with improved memory
handling.

CVE-2020-9919: Mickey Jin of Trend Micro

[.note]#Entry added 24 July 2020#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Opening a maliciously crafted PDF file may lead to an unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2020-9876: Mickey Jin of Trend Micro

[.note]#Entry added 24 July 2020#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-9873: Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year Security Lab

CVE-2020-9938: Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year Security Lab

CVE-2020-9984: an anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry added 24 July 2020, updated 21 September 2020#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2020-9877: Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year Security Lab

[.note]#Entry added 5 August 2020#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: an integer overflow was addressed through improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-9875: Mickey Jin of Trend Micro

[.note]#Entry added 5 August 2020#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with system privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2020-9923: Proteas

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
inject into active connections within a VPN tunnel

Description: a routing issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2019-14899: William J. Tolley, Beau Kujath and Jedidiah R. Crandall

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: An attacker that has already achieved kernel code execution may
be able to bypass kernel memory mitigations

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2020-9909: Brandon Azad of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2020-9904: Tielei Wang of Pangu Lab

[.note]#Entry added 24 July 2020#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory initialisation issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2020-9863: Xinru Chi of Pangu Lab

[.note]#Entry updated 5 August 2020#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with system privileges

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved state management.

CVE-2020-9892: Andy Nguyen of Google

[.note]#Entry added 24 July 2020#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to determine kernel memory
layout

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2020-9902: Xinru Chi and Tielei Wang of Pangu Lab

[.note]#Entry added 5 August 2020#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: A buffer overflow was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2020-9905: Raz Mashat (@RazMashat) of ZecOps

[.note]#Entry added 5 August 2020#

*libxml2*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted XML may lead to an unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2020-9926: Found by OSS-Fuzz

[.note]#Entry added 16 March 2021#

*Mail*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: An out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2019-19906

[.note]#Entry added 24 July 2020, updated 8 September 2020#

*Mail*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A malicious mail server may overwrite arbitrary mail files

Description: A path handling issue was addressed with improved
validation.

CVE-2020-9920: YongYue Wang AKA BigChan of Hillstone Networks AF Team

[.note]#Entry added 24 July 2020#

*Messages*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A user that is removed from an iMessage group could rejoin the
group

Description: An issue existed in the handling of iMessage tapbacks. The
issue was resolved with additional verification.

CVE-2020-9885: an anonymous researcher, Suryansh Mansharamani of WWP
High School North (medium.com/@suryanshmansha)

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted USD file may lead to unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: A buffer overflow issue was addressed with improved memory
handling.

CVE-2020-9878: Aleksandar Nikolic of Cisco Talos, Holger Fuhrmannek of
Deutsche Telekom Security

CVE-2020-9881: Holger Fuhrmannek of Deutsche Telekom Security

CVE-2020-9882: Holger Fuhrmannek of Deutsche Telekom Security

CVE-2020-9940: Holger Fuhrmannek of Deutsche Telekom Security

CVE-2020-9985: Holger Fuhrmannek of Deutsche Telekom Security

[.note]#Entry updated 21 September 2020#

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted USD file may lead to unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: A buffer overflow was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2020-9880: Holger Fuhrmannek of Deutsche Telekom Security

[.note]#Entry added 21 September 2020#

*Safari Login AutoFill*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A malicious attacker may cause Safari to suggest a password for
the wrong domain

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2020-9903: Nikhil Mittal (@c0d3G33k) of Payatu Labs (payatu.com)

*Safari Reader*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: An issue in Safari Reader mode may allow a remote attacker to
bypass the Same Origin Policy

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2020-9911: Nikhil Mittal (@c0d3G33k) of Payatu Labs (payatu.com)

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: An attacker may have been able to impersonate a trusted website
using shared key material for an administrator-added certificate

Description: A certificate validation issue existed when processing
administrator-added certificates. This issue was addressed with improved
certificate validation.

CVE-2020-9868: Brian Wolff of Asana

[.note]#Entry added 24 July 2020#

*sysdiagnose*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local attacker may be able to elevate their privileges

Description: an issue existed within the path validation logic for
symlinks. This issue was addressed with improved path sanitisation.

CVE-2020-9901: Tim Michaud (@TimGMichaud) of Leviathan, Zhongcheng Li
(CK01) from Zero-dayits Team of Legendsec at Qi'anxin Group

[.note]#Entry added 5 August 2020, updated 31 August 2020#

*WebDAV*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A sandboxed process may be able to circumvent sandbox
restrictions

Description: this issue was addressed with improved entitlements.

CVE-2020-9898: Sreejith Krishnan R (@skr0x1C0)

[.note]#Entry added 8 September 2020#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause unexpected application
termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-9894: 0011 working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may prevent Content
Security Policy from being enforced

Description: An access issue existed in Content Security Policy.  This
issue was addressed with improved access restrictions.

CVE-2020-9915: Ayoub AIT ELMOKHTAR of Noon

[.note]#Entry updated 24 July 2020#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause unexpected application
termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2020-9893: 0011 working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2020-9895: Wen Xu of SSLab, Georgia Tech

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to universal
cross-site scripting

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2020-9925: an anonymous researcher

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A malicious attacker with arbitrary read and write capability
may be able to bypass Pointer Authentication

Description: Multiple issues were addressed with improved logic.

CVE-2020-9910: Samuel Groß of Google Project Zero

*WebKit Page Loading*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A malicious attacker may be able to conceal the destination of a
URL

Description: A URL Unicode encoding issue was addressed with improved
state management.

CVE-2020-9916: Rakesh Mane (@RakeshMane10)

*WebKit Web Inspector*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Copying a URL from Web Inspector may lead to command injection

Description: A command injection issue existed in Web Inspector. This
issue was addressed with improved escaping.

CVE-2020-9862: Ophir Lojkine (@lovasoa)

*WebRTC*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
cause heap corruption via a crafted SCTP stream

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2020-6514: natashenka of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added 21 September 2020#

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause unexpected system
termination or corrupt kernel memory

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-9918: Jianjun Dai of 360 Alpha Lab working with 360 BugCloud
(bugcloud.360.cn)

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause unexpected system
termination or corrupt kernel memory

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-9906: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

[.note]#Entry added 24 July 2020#

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a remote attacker may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2020-9917: Pradeep Deokate of Harman, Stefan Böhrer at Daimler AG,
proofnet.de

[.note]#Entry updated 24 July 2020#

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== Additional recognition

*Bluetooth*

We would like to acknowledge Andy Davis of NCC Group for their
assistance.

*CoreFoundation*

We would like to acknowledge Bobby Pelletier for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 8 September 2020#

*ImageIO*

We would like to acknowledge Xingwei Lin of Ant-Financial Light-Year
Security Lab for their assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 21 September 2020#

*Kernel*

We would like to acknowledge Brandon Azad of Google Project Zero for
their assistance.

*USB Audio*

We would like to acknowledge Andy Davis of NCC Group for their
assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT2693[Contact
the vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: March 29, 2021

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 13.6 and iPadOS 13.6

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT211288/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
