* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 15 and iPadOS 15

This document describes the security content of iOS 15 and iPadOS 15.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss or
confirm security issues until an investigation has taken place and
patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201222[Apple security
updates] page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201220[Apple Product
Security] page.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 15 and iPadOS 15

[.note]#Released on 20 September 2021#

*Accessory Manager*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory consumption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2021-30837: Siddharth Aeri (@b1n4r1b01)

*AppleMobileFileIntegrity*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A local attacker may be able to read sensitive information

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30811: an anonymous researcher working with Compartir

*Apple Neural Engine*

Available for devices with Apple Neural Engine: iPhone 8 and later, iPad
Pro (3rd generation) and later, iPad Air (3rd generation) and later, and
iPad mini (5th generation) 

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with system privileges on devices with an Apple Neural Engine

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2021-30838: proteas wang

*bootp*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A device may be passively tracked by its Wi-Fi MAC address

Description: A user privacy issue was addressed by removing the
broadcast MAC address.

CVE-2021-30866: Fabien Duchêne of UCLouvain (Belgium)

[.note]#Entry added on 25 October 2021#

*CoreAudio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a malicious audio file may result in unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-30834: JunDong Xie of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added on 25 October 2021#

*CoreML*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local attacker may be able to cause unexpected application
termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30825: hjy79425575 working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

*Face ID*

Available for devices with Face ID: iPhone X, iPhone XR, iPhone XS (all
models), iPhone 11 (all models), iPhone 12 (all models), iPad Pro
(11-inch) and iPad Pro (3rd generation)

Impact: A 3D model constructed to look like the enrolled user may be
able to authenticate via Face ID

Description: This issue was addressed by improving Face ID anti-spoofing
models.

CVE-2021-30863: Wish Wu (吴潍浠 @wish_wu) of Ant-financial Light-Year
Security Lab

*FaceTime*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an attacker with physical access to a device may be able to see
private contact information

Description: the issue was addressed with improved permissions logic.

CVE-2021-30816: Atharv (@atharv0x0)

[.note]#Entry added on 25 October 2021#

*FaceTime*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: An application with microphone permission may unexpectedly
access microphone input during a FaceTime call

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2021-30882: Adam Bellard and Spencer Reitman of Airtime

[.note]#Entry added on 25 October 2021#

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted font may result in the
disclosure of process memory

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-30831: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added on 25 October 2021#

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted dfont file may lead to
arbitrary code execution

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30840: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added on 25 October 2021#

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted dfont file may lead to
arbitrary code execution

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30841: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

CVE-2021-30842: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

CVE-2021-30843: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

*Foundation*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A type confusion issue was addressed with improved memory
handling.

CVE-2021-30852: Yinyi Wu (@3ndy1) of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added on 25 October 2021#

*iCloud Photo Library*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A malicious application may be able to access photo metadata
without needing permission to access photos

Description: The issue was addressed with improved authentication.

CVE-2021-30867: Csaba Fitzl (@theevilbit) of Offensive Security

[.note]#Entry added on 25 October 2021#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-30814: hjy79425575

[.note]#Entry added on 25 October 2021#

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30835: Ye Zhang of Baidu Security

CVE-2021-30847: Mike Zhang of Pangu Lab

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with kernel privileges

Description: a race condition was addressed with improved locking.

CVE-2021-30857: Zweig of Kunlun Lab

*libexpat*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a remote attacker may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: This issue was addressed by updating expat to version
2.4.1.

CVE-2013-0340: an anonymous researcher

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted USD file may disclose memory
contents

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-30819: Apple

*NetworkExtension*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A VPN configuration may be installed by an app without user
permission

Description: An authorisation issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2021-30874: Javier Vieira Boccardo
(linkedin.com/javier-vieira-boccardo)

[.note]#Entry added on 25 October 2021#

*Preferences*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: An application may be able to access restricted files

Description: A validation issue existed in the handling of symlinks.
This issue was addressed with improved validation of symlinks.

CVE-2021-30855: Zhipeng Huo (@R3dF09) and Yuebin Sun (@yuebinsun2020) of
Tencent Security Xuanwu Lab (xlab.tencent.com)

*Preferences*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a sandboxed process may be able to circumvent sandbox
restrictions

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-30854: Zhipeng Huo (@R3dF09) and Yuebin Sun (@yuebinsun2020) of
Tencent Security Xuanwu Lab (xlab.tencent.com)

*Quick Look*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Previewing an HTML file attached to a note may unexpectedly
contact remote servers

Description: A logic issue existed in the handling of document loads.
This issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-30870: Saif Hamed Al Hinai Oman CERT

[.note]#Entry added on 25 October 2021#

*Sandbox*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to modify protected parts of
the file system

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30808: Csaba Fitzl (@theevilbit) of Offensive Security

[.note]#Entry added on 25 October 2021#

*Siri*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: A local attacker may be able to view contacts from the lock
screen

Description: a lock screen issue allowed access to contacts on a locked
device. This issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-30815: an anonymous researcher

*Telephony*

Available for: iPhone SE (1st generation), iPad Pro 12.9-inch, iPad Air
2, iPad (5th generation) and iPad mini 4

Impact: In certain situations, the baseband would fail to enable
integrity and ciphering protection

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-30826: CheolJun Park, Sangwook Bae and BeomSeok Oh of KAIST
SysSec Lab

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Visiting a maliciously crafted website may reveal a user's
browsing history

Description: The issue was resolved with additional restrictions on CSS
compositing.

CVE-2021-30884: an anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry added on 25 October 2021#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: a type confusion issue was addressed with improved state
handling.

CVE-2021-30818: Amar Menezes (@amarekano) of Zon8Research

[.note]#Entry added on 25 October 2021#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted audio file may disclose
restricted memory

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-30836: Peter Nguyen Vu Hoang of STAR Labs

[.note]#Entry added on 25 October 2021#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2021-30809: an anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry added on 25 October 2021#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2021-30846: Sergei Glazunov of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to code
execution

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2021-30848: Sergei Glazunov of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved memory handling.

CVE-2021-30849: Sergei Glazunov of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to code
execution

Description: a memory corruption vulnerability was addressed with
improved locking.

CVE-2021-30851: Samuel Groß of Google Project Zero

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: An attacker in physical proximity may be able to force a user
onto a malicious Wi-Fi network during device setup

Description: An authorisation issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2021-30810: an anonymous researcher

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== Additional recognition

*Assets*

We would like to acknowledge Cees Elzinga for their assistance.

*Bluetooth*

We would like to acknowledge an anonymous researcher for their
assistance.

*File System*

We would like to acknowledge Siddharth Aeri (@b1n4r1b01) for their
assistance.

*Sandbox*

We would like to acknowledge Csaba Fitzl (@theevilbit) of Offensive
Security for their assistance.

*UIKit*

We would like to acknowledge an anonymous researcher for their
assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT2693[Contact
the vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: November 03, 2021

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 15 and iPadOS 15

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT212814/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
