* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 13.5 and iPadOS 13.5

This document describes the security content of iOS 13.5 and iPadOS
13.5.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss or
confirm security issues until an investigation has taken place and
patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201222[Apple security
updates] page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201220[Apple Product
Security] page.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 13.5 and iPadOS 13.5

[.note]#Released 20 May 2020#

*Accounts*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: A denial-of-service issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-9827: Jannik Lorenz of SEEMOO at TU Darmstadt

*AirDrop*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: A denial-of-service issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-9826: Dor Hadad of Palo Alto Networks

*AppleMobileFileIntegrity*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: A malicious application could interact with system processes to
access private information and perform privileged actions

Description: An entitlement parsing issue was addressed with improved
parsing.

CVE-2020-9842: Linus Henze (pinauten.de)

*Audio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted audio file may lead to
arbitrary code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2020-9815: Yu Zhou (@yuzhou6666) working with Trend Micro Zero Day
Initiative

*Audio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted audio file may lead to
arbitrary code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-9791: Yu Zhou (@yuzhou6666) working with Trend Micro Zero Day
Initiative

*Bluetooth*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: an attacker in a privileged network position may be able to
intercept Bluetooth traffic

Description: an issue existed with the use of a PRNG with low entropy.
This issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2020-6616: Jörn Tillmanns (@matedealer) and Jiska Classen
(@naehrdine) of Secure Mobile Networking Lab

*Bluetooth*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2020-9838: Dennis Heinze (@ttdennis) of TU Darmstadt, Secure Mobile
Networking Lab

*CoreText*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted text message may lead to
application denial of service

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitisation.

CVE-2020-9829: Aaron Perris (@aaronp613), an anonymous researcher, an
anonymous researcher, Carlos S Tech, Sam Menzies of Sam’s Lounge,
Sufiyan Gouri of Lovely Professional University, India, Suleman Hasan
Rathor of Arabic-Classroom.com

*FaceTime*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: A user’s video may not be paused in a FaceTime call if they exit
the FaceTime app while the call is ringing

Description: An issue existed in the pausing of FaceTime video. The
issue was resolved with improved logic.

CVE-2020-9835: Olivier Levesque (@olilevesque)

*File System*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: a remote attacker may be able to modify the file system

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2020-9820: Thijs Alkemade of Computest

*FontParser*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: Opening a maliciously crafted PDF file may lead to an unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2020-9816:  Peter Nguyen Vu Hoang of STAR Labs working with Trend
Micro Zero Day Initiative

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-3878: Samuel Groß of Google Project Zero

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2020-9789: Wenchao Li of VARAS@IIE

CVE-2020-9790: Xingwei Lin of Ant-financial Light-Year Security Lab

*IPSec*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: a remote attacker may be able to leak memory

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2020-9837: Thijs Alkemade of Computest

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with kernel privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2020-9821: Xinru Chi and Tielei Wang of Pangu Lab

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to determine another
application's memory layout

Description: An information disclosure issue was addressed by removing
the vulnerable code.

CVE-2020-9797: an anonymous researcher

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with kernel privileges

Description: an integer overflow was addressed through improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-9852: Tao Huang and Tielei Wang of Pangu Lab

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2020-9795: Zhuo Liang of Qihoo 360 Vulcan Team

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: An application may be able to cause unexpected system
termination or write kernel memory

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2020-9808: Xinru Chi and Tielei Wang of Pangu Lab

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: a local user may be able to read kernel memory

Description: an information disclosure issue was addressed with improved
state management.

CVE-2020-9811: Tielei Wang of Pangu Lab

CVE-2020-9812: derrek (@derrekr6)

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with kernel privileges

Description: a logic issue existed resulting in memory corruption. This
was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2020-9813: Xinru Chi of Pangu Lab

CVE-2020-9814: Xinru Chi and Tielei Wang of Pangu Lab

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: a malicious application may be able to determine kernel memory
layout

Description: an information disclosure issue was addressed with improved
state management.

CVE-2020-9809: Benjamin Randazzo (@____benjamin)

*libxpc*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: a malicious application may be able to overwrite arbitrary files

Description: A path handling issue was addressed with improved
validation.

CVE-2020-9994: Apple

[.note]#Entry added 21 September 2020#

*Mail*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted email message may lead to heap
corruption

Description: A memory consumption issue was addressed with improved
memory handling.

CVE-2020-9819: ZecOps.com

*Mail*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted email message may lead to
unexpected memory modification or application termination

Description: An out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
bounds checking.

CVE-2020-9818: ZecOps.com

*Messages*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: Users removed from an iMessage conversation may still be able to
alter state

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2020-9823: Suryansh Mansharamani, student of Community Middle
School, Plainsboro, New Jersey

*Notifications*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: a person with physical access to an iOS device may be able to
view notification contents from the lock screen

Description: An authorisation issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2020-9848: Nima

*rsync*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to overwrite existing files

Description: A validation issue existed in the handling of symlinks.
This issue was addressed with improved validation of symlinks.

CVE-2014-9512: gaojianfeng

[.note]#Entry added 28 July 2020#

*Sandbox*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: A malicious application may be able to bypass Privacy
preferences

Description: An access issue was addressed with additional sandbox
restrictions.

CVE-2020-9825: Sreejith Krishnan R (@skr0x1C0)

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: An application may be able to gain elevated privileges

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2020-9854: Ilias Morad (A2nkF)

[.note]#Entry added 28 July 2020#

*SQLite*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: A malicious application may cause a denial of service or
potentially disclose memory contents

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2020-9794

*System Preferences*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: An application may be able to gain elevated privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed with improved state
handling.

CVE-2020-9839: @jinmo123, @setuid0x0_ and @insu_yun_en of @SSLab_Gatech
working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative

*USB Audio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: A USB device may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input
sanitisation.

CVE-2020-9792: Andy Davis of NCC Group

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to universal
cross site scripting

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2020-9805: an anonymous researcher

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2020-9802: Samuel Groß of Google Project Zero

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2020-9850: @jinmo123, @setuid0x0_ and @insu_yun_en of @SSLab_Gatech
working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to a
cross-site scripting attack

Description: An input validation issue was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2020-9843: Ryan Pickren (ryanpickren.com)

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved
validation.

CVE-2020-9803: Wen Xu of SSLab at Georgia Tech

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2020-9806: Wen Xu of SSLab at Georgia Tech

CVE-2020-9807: Wen Xu of SSLab at Georgia Tech

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: A type confusion issue was addressed with improved memory
handling.

CVE-2020-9800: Brendan Draper (@6r3nd4n) working with Trend Micro Zero
Day Initiative

*WebRTC*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may result in the
disclosure of process memory

Description: An access issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2019-20503: natashenka of Google Project Zero

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to cause unexpected system
termination or corrupt kernel memory

Description: A double free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2020-9844: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Air 2 and later, iPad mini 4
and later, and iPod touch 7th generation

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2020-9830: Tielei Wang of Pangu Lab

[.note]#Entry added 10 August 2020#

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== Additional recognition

*Bluetooth*

We would like to acknowledge Maximilian von Tschirschnitz (@maxinfosec1)
of Technical University Munich and Ludwig Peuckert of Technical
University Munich for their assistance.

*CoreText*

We would like to acknowledge Jiska Classen (@naehrdine) and Dennis
Heinze (@ttdennis) of Secure Mobile Networking Lab for their assistance.

*Device Analytics*

We would like to acknowledge Mohamed Ghannam (@_simo36) for their
assistance.

*ImageIO*

We would like to acknowledge Lei Sun for their assistance.

*IOHIDFamily*

We would like to acknowledge Andy Davis of NCC Group for their
assistance.

*IPSec*

We would like to acknowledge Thijs Alkemade of Computest for their
assistance.

[.note]#Entry added 10 August 2020#

*Kernel*

We would like to acknowledge Brandon Azad of Google Project Zero for
their assistance.

*Safari*

We would like to acknowledge Jeffball of GRIMM and Luke Walker of
Manchester Metropolitan University for their assistance.

*WebKit*

We would like to acknowledge Aidan Dunlap of UT Austin for their
assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT2693[Contact
the vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: March 10, 2021

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 13.5 and iPadOS 13.5

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT211168/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
