* [.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-top]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-top]####[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-bottom]##[.ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust .ac-gn-menuicon-bread-crust-bottom]####link:#ac-gn-menustate[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global
Nav Open Menu#]link:#[[.ac-gn-menuanchor-label]#Global Nav Close Menu#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag-small]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]

[.ac-gn-search-placeholder]#Search Support#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

* https://www.apple.com/uk/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Apple#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/store[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Store#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/mac/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Mac#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/ipad/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPad#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/iphone/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#iPhone#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/watch/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Watch#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/tv/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#TV#]
* https://www.apple.com/uk/music/[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Music#]
* https://support.apple.com/en-gb[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Support#]
* https://support.apple.com/kb/index?page=search&locale=en_GB[]
* {blank}
+
[[ac-gn-bag]]
https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/bag[[.ac-gn-link-text]#Shopping
Bag#][.ac-gn-bag-badge]##[.ac-gn-bag-badge-separator]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-number]####[.ac-gn-bag-badge-unit]#+###

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-large]##

[.ac-gn-searchform-reset-background]##

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-cancel]#Cancel#

[.ac-gn-searchview-close-wrapper]#[.ac-gn-searchview-close-left]####[.ac-gn-searchview-close-right]#####

[.ac-gn-bagview-caret .ac-gn-bagview-caret-small]##

[[ac-gn-bagview-content]]

[[ac-gn-curtain]]

[[ac-gn-placeholder]]

[[app]]
[[howto-section]]
[[content]]
[[howto-title]]
== About the security content of iOS 14.6 and iPadOS 14.6

This document describes the security content of iOS 14.6 and iPadOS
14.6.

[[sections]]
=== About Apple security updates

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss or
confirm security issues until an investigation has taken place and
patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201222[Apple security
updates] page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities
by http://cve.mitre.org/about/[CVE-ID] when possible.

For more information about security, see
the https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201220[Apple Product
Security] page.

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== iOS 14.6 and iPadOS 14.6

[.note]#Released 24 May 2021#

*Audio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted audio file may lead to
arbitrary code execution

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30707: hjy79425575 (working with Trend Micro Zero Day
Initiative)

*Audio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: parsing a maliciously crafted audio file may lead to the
disclosure of user information

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30685: Mickey Jin (@patch1t) of Trend Micro

*AVEVideoEncoder*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to cause an unexpected system
termination or write kernel memory

Description: a race condition was addressed with improved state
handling.

CVE-2021-30714: @08Tc3wBB of ZecOps, and George Nosenko

*CommCenter*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a device may accept invalid activation results

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2021-30729: CHRISTIAN MINA

*Core Services*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to gain root privileges

Description: a validation issue existed in the handling of symlinks.
This issue was addressed with improved validation of symlinks.

CVE-2021-30681: Zhongcheng Li (CK01)

*CoreAudio*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted audio file may disclose
restricted memory

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-30686: Mickey Jin of Trend Micro

*CoreText*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation

Description: processing a maliciously crafted font may result in the
disclosure of process memory.

CVE-2021-30733: Sunglin from the Knownsec 404

CVE-2021-30753: Xingwei Lin of Ant Security Light-Year Lab

[.note]#Entry added 21 July 2021#

*Crash Reporter*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to modify protected parts of
the file system

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-30727: Cees Elzinga

*CVMS*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local attacker may be able to elevate their privileges

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30724: Mickey Jin (@patch1t) of Trend Micro

*Heimdal*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a local user may be able to leak sensitive user information

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-30697: Gabe Kirkpatrick (@gabe_k)

*Heimdal*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may cause a denial of service or
potentially disclose memory contents

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2021-30710: Gabe Kirkpatrick (@gabe_k)

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to the
disclosure of user information

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-30687: Hou JingYi (@hjy79425575) of Qihoo 360

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to the
disclosure of user information

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30700: Ye Zhang (@co0py_Cat) of Baidu Security

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30701: Mickey Jin (@patch1t) of Trend Micro and Ye Zhang of
Baidu Security

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted ASTC file may disclose memory
contents

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30705: Ye Zhang of Baidu Security

*ImageIO*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: this issue was addressed with improved checks

Description: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to
disclosure of user information.

CVE-2021-30706: Anonymous (working with Trend Micro Zero Day
Initiative), Jzhu (working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative)

[.note]#Entry added 21 July 2021#

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code
with kernel privileges

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2021-30740: Linus Henze (pinauten.de)

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may disclose restricted memory

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30674: Siddharth Aeri (@b1n4r1b01)

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-30704: an anonymous researcher

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted message may lead to a denial of
service

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-30715: The UK's National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC)

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel
privileges

Description: a buffer overflow was addressed with improved size
validation.

CVE-2021-30736: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero

*Kernel*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a double free issue was addressed with improved memory
management

Description: an application may be able to execute arbitrary code with
kernel privileges.

CVE-2021-30703: an anonymous researcher

[.note]#Entry added 21 July 2021#

*LaunchServices*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to break out of its sandbox

Description: this issue was addressed with improved environment
sanitisation.

CVE-2021-30677: Ron Waisberg (@epsilan)

*Mail*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted email message may lead to
unexpected memory modification or application termination

Description: a use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2021-30741: SYMaster of ZecOps Mobile EDR Team

*MediaRemote*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a privacy issue in Now Playing was addressed with improved
permissions

Description: a local attacker may be able to view Now Playing
information from the Lock Screen.

CVE-2021-30756: Ricky D'Amelio, Jatayu Holznagel (@jholznagel)

[.note]#Entry added 21 July 2021#

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted USD file may disclose memory
contents

Description: an information disclosure issue was addressed with improved
state management.

CVE-2021-30723: Mickey Jin (@patch1t) of Trend Micro

CVE-2021-30691: Mickey Jin (@patch1t) of Trend Micro

CVE-2021-30692: Mickey Jin (@patch1t) of Trend Micro

CVE-2021-30694: Mickey Jin (@patch1t) of Trend Micro

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted USD file may lead to unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: a memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2021-30725: Mickey Jin (@patch1t) of Trend Micro

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted USD file may disclose memory
contents

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-30746: Mickey Jin (@patch1t) of Trend Micro

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: a validation issue was addressed with improved logic.

CVE-2021-30693: Mickey Jin (@patch1t) and Junzhi Lu (@pwn0rz) of Trend
Micro

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted USD file may disclose memory
contents

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds
checking.

CVE-2021-30695: Mickey Jin (@patch1t) and Junzhi Lu (@pwn0rz) of Trend
Micro

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted USD file may lead to unexpected
application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: an out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input
validation.

CVE-2021-30708: Mickey Jin (@patch1t) and Junzhi Lu (@pwn0rz) of Trend
Micro

*Model I/O*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted USD file may disclose memory
contents

Description: this issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2021-30709: Mickey Jin (@patch1t) of Trend Micro

*Notes*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a user may be able to view restricted content from the Lock
Screen

Description: a window management issue was addressed with improved state
management.

CVE-2021-30699: videosdebarraquito

*Security*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing a maliciously crafted certificate may lead to
arbitrary code execution

Description: a memory corruption issue in the ASN.1 decoder was
addressed by removing the vulnerable code.

CVE-2021-30737: xerub

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to universal
cross-site scripting

Description: a cross-origin issue with iframe elements was addressed
with improved tracking of security origins.

CVE-2021-30744: Dan Hite of jsontop

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: a use after free issue was addressed with improved memory
management.

CVE-2021-21779: Marcin Towalski of Cisco Talos

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious application may be able to leak sensitive user
information

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2021-30682: Prakash (@1lastBr3ath)

[.note]#Entry updated on 21 July 2021#

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to universal
cross-site scripting

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2021-30689: an anonymous researcher

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary
code execution

Description: multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with
improved memory handling.

CVE-2021-30749: an anonymous researcher and mipu94 of SEFCOM lab, ASU.
(working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative)

CVE-2021-30734: Jack Dates of RET2 Systems, Inc. (@ret2systems), working
with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

*WebKit*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a malicious website may be able to access restricted ports on
arbitrary servers

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions.

CVE-2021-30720: David Schütz (@xdavidhu)

*WebRTC*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: a remote attacker may be able to cause a denial of service

Description: a null pointer dereference was addressed with improved
input validation.

CVE-2021-23841: Tavis Ormandy of Google

CVE-2021-30698: Tavis Ormandy of Google

*Wi-Fi*

Available for: iPhone 6s and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 2
and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 4 and later, and
iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: an attacker within Wi-Fi range may be able to force a client to
use a less secure authentication mechanism

Description: a logic issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2021-30667: Raul Siles of DinoSec (@dinosec)

image:/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/mac_apps/itunes/divider.png[image]

=== Additional recognition

*AVEVideoEncoder*

We would like to acknowledge @08Tc3wBB for their assistance.

*CommCenter*

We would like to acknowledge CHRISTIAN MINA and Stefan Sterz (@0x7374)
of Secure Mobile Networking Lab at TU Darmstadt and Industrial Software
at TU Wien for their assistance.

*CoreCapture*

We would like to acknowledge Zuozhi Fan (@pattern_F_) of Ant-Financial
TianQiong Security Lab for their assistance.

*ImageIO*

We would like to acknowledge Jzhu (working with Trend Micro Zero Day
Initiative) and an anonymous researcher for their assistance.

*Kernel*

We would like to acknowledge Saar Amar (@AmarSaar) for their assistance.

*Mail Drafts*

We would like to acknowledge Lauritz Holtmann (@_lauritz_) for their
assistance.

*NetworkExtension*

We would like to acknowledge Matthias Ortmann of Secure Mobile
Networking Lab for their assistance.

*WebKit*

We would like to acknowledge Chris Salls (@salls) of Makai Security for
their assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent
websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without
recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with
regard to the selection, performance or use of third-party websites or
products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website
accuracy or reliability. http://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT2693[Contact
the vendor] for additional information.

Published Date: August 03, 2021

[[helpful-rating-wrapper]]
[[helpful]]
[[question-state]]
[#okapi-a]#Helpful?#

Yes

No

[[feedback-state]]
[[feedback]]
[#optional_label .form-label]##

[[char_limit_counter]]
[#char-limit-message .visuallyhidden]#Character limit:#
[.form-counter]#250#

Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

[.form-message]#Maximum character limit is 250.#

Submit

[[rating-done]]
Thanks for your feedback.

[[results-helpful]]

[[cas]]
[[promo]]

[[flexbanner-wrapper]]
[[flexbanner]]

[[ac-gf-label]]
== Apple Footer

https://www.apple.com/uk[[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-icon]##
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-label]#Apple#
[.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-chevron]## [.ac-gf-breadcrumbs-home-mask]##]

.  https://support.apple.com/en-gb[Support]
. About the security content of iOS 14.6 and iPadOS 14.6

https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT212528/localeselector[UK]

Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/[Privacy Policy]
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html[Terms
of Use] https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds[Sales and
Refunds] https://www.apple.com/uk/sitemap/[Site Map]
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/[Use of Cookies]

[[apd-aria-live-region]]
